Title: JPMorgan Says Firms Avoid Raising Forecasts Due to War Concerns
Date: 2026-04-28 10:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jpmorgan-says-firms-avoid-raising-103153281.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- Doubts triggered by the Middle East conflict are feeding into US earnings, with some companies refraining from increasing forecasts despite a strong start to the year, according to strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
UAE to Leave OPEC in May as Iran War Reshapes Oil Market
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The clearest pressure points are in industries directly exposed to the war’s effects, with airlines, transport companies and manufacturers facing a hit from rising oil prices, the team led by Dubravko Lakos-Bujas said in a client note.
Winners are emerging among energy producers, oil field service providers and chemical companies that benefit from cheaper US-based raw materials, they said.
“Companies expressed particular concern about the duration and escalation potential of the conflict, with many embedding conservative assumptions into guidance,” Lakos-Bujas said.
With 24% of S&P 500 Index members having reported, there’s a theme of “heightened vigilance but limited near-term impact,” the strategists said. Most companies said they have seen little evidence so far of material deterioration in demand, credit quality or consumer behavior through the first quarter, they added.
US stocks have rebounded from the losses incurred as the conflict erupted at the end of February, with the S&P 500 notching fresh record highs. Renewed enthusiasm over artificial intelligence and its potential to power increased profits at AI enabling companies is taking precedence among investors over concerns about the war’s economic impact.
Consensus projects S&P 500 earnings-per-share growth of about 18% this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. Those lofty expectations create the risk of investor disappointment should profits miss estimates, with much of the burden falling on the shoulders of tech giants.
This is the busiest week of the earnings season. About 36% of S&P 500 companies — representing roughly 42% of the index’s market capitalization — are set to report, including the largest technology firms.
In a sign of resilience in the face of persistent macroeconomic concerns, most companies reporting so far have maintained or raised their guidance, according to the JPMorgan strategists.
--With assistance from Michael Msika.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
FanDuel Is Playing Catch-Up on Prediction Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio