Title: People are using this storage unit side hustle hack to score almost $700 extra a month — here’s how it works
Ticker: AAPL
Published: 2026-04-16T16:35:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/people-using-storage-unit-side-153500756.html?.tsrc=rss

The founders of Apple, Amazon and Microsoft all launched their trillion-dollar companies in their garages. What are the chances, then, that the next major American business empire emanates from a self-storage unit?
Yes, self-storage — those often unremarkable, industrial-looking buildings that most of us pass by without a second glance. According to a new survey from SpareFoot, a self-storage marketplace, 28% of Americans who rent storage units do so to support a side hustle (1), claiming extra average monthly gains of $646. Over the course of a year, that's nearly $8,000.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Kathryn Kennedy, a general manager at Storable (SpareFoot's parent company), told Moneywise via email that the extra profit is attributed to renters who "kickstart or scale their businesses without making costly investments in warehouse space or actual at-home expansions."
She added that "it's a real economic opportunity waiting to be seized."
A major advantage of using self-storage for your side-hustle is the ability to free up room at home by offloading inventory or large pieces of equipment to your unit, where you can spread it out and better organize everything.
Most self-storage facilities also allow you to rent month-to-month which, combined with the varying unit sizes, means you can upscale or downsize as your sidegig needs evolve. And some also offer delivery capabilities, allowing for inventory to be sent right to your unit.
Meanwhile, side hustlers use storage units for everything from keeping and organizing inventory to shooting product content and even as a workspace to execute the services they sell (2).
Kennedy confirmed, saying that while the storage facility trend began with using the units for inventory, it's since evolved, with "more renters turning their units into fully functional flex spaces that extend outside of their homes."
She added that working from a storage unit helps eliminate distractions and that some are zoned to operate as satellite offices.
"Folks are using powered storage units to light their units," she said, "offering them workshop space to paint, rehab and flip furniture, or do product photography for online listings."
Jeff Ley, a sales manager at STORExpress, another self-storage company, told Storage.com that his company offers units "for startups and small businesses" that include furnishings, carpeting and even small office spaces (3).
"Some people just don't want to work in a raw storage space," he added. "The offices will work better for them."
Read More: Here’s the average income of Americans by age in 2026. Are you keeping up or falling behind?
The first thing to be aware of — especially for your business' bottom line — is that different sized units demand different rates, with the national average running around $119 a month for a 10'x10' unit without climate control (4).
That said, prices for the same size units vary across the country. For example, the average monthly rent for a 10'x10' unit in places like Montgomery, Alabama, or Memphis, Tennessee, ranges from $85-$110. However, the average monthly price for that same unit in New York or Los Angeles could run you more than $250 (5).
In addition, if you require climate control for your product or service, or a unit with drive-up access for pick-up or deliveries, those could add an additional cost. One company, Extra Space Storage, with facilities across more than 40 states, says that their climate controlled units run up to $290 a month, or 17% more than a standard unit of the same size without climate control (6).
Beyond the price point, facilities may also restrict what you can do in a storage unit, or what sort of materials or tools you can employ if you use one as a work space, which is why Kennedy advises reviewing any restrictions before signing a lease.
As well, ensure that the facility has amenities like Wi-Fi or electrical outlets that you may need for your work.
In addition, consider facilities that offer strong security features as well as 24 hour access, so you're never cut off from your inventory or workspace by someone else's operating hours.
Another major consideration is insurance. That's because not every homeowner's or business policy will cover, or fully cover, items in your storage unit and it's important to ensure your inventory, tools and other valuables are protected in the event of an unexpected storage disaster (7).
Overall, the costs of a storage unit with the required amenities, as well as insurance, can add up and eat into that monthly profit others boasted. So it's worth doing your research into whether storage units are the right option for your side hustle, or if alternative co-working options like shared warehouses or office spaces may be a better financial fit.
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — are you doing the same?
BlackRock warns buying and holding the S&P 500 isn’t enough for retirement. Why they’re saying this approach could provide a ‘paycheck for life’
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Turning 50 with $0 saved? Good news, you’re actually entering your prime earning years. Here are 6 ways to catch up fast
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines.
SpareFoot (1); USA Self Storage (2); Storage.com (3); StorageCafe (4),(5); Extra Space Storage (6); Insured Better (7)
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: People are using this storage unit side hustle hack to score almost $700 extra a month — here’s how it works
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.