Title: Jim Cramer Reveals Why Apple (AAPL) Stock is Worth it
Ticker: AAPL
Published: 2026-04-16T17:48:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-reveals-why-apple-164852797.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published Jim Cramer Said Allbirds Management Are "Jokers" & Discussed These 18 Stocks. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)’s shares are up by 30% over the past year and are down by 2.9% year-to-date. Cramer has discussed the firm several times over the past couple of months and stuck by the firm even as investor sentiment has fluctuated. The CNBC TV host continues to hold the opinion that one should own Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock and not trade it. Bernstein discussed the firm on March 18th as it reiterated an Outperform rating and a $340 share price target for the firm. The financial firm outlined that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is broadening its portfolio when it comes to price points. Through this strategy, the firm is gaining share at the low end of the market and beefing up its margins at the high end through price increases. Bernstein expects Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to grow its earnings per share by 12% in fiscal year 2027 if the firm is able to increase penetration in the Chinese market. Cramer is also optimistic about the firm’s future:
“You know someone takes a shot today at Apple, the Apple Store not that great. . .delays in the foldable phone. I mean, people don’t like, they don’t like Apple until it goes up to 300, then suddenly they like it. Thanks for nothing.
“I like the stock very much and it’s kind of at an interesting level, you mentioned 200 day. I just look at Apple, and say, if you don’t own it, I mean we got a lot of good stuff coming at Apple. That’s been the one Mag 7 that I think has a good story to tell. . .their stuff is so back, it’s so exciting.”
While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.