Title: Travelers are starting to balk at sky-high airline ticket prices, BofA data shows
Date: 2026-04-28 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/travelers-are-starting-to-balk-at-sky-high-airline-ticket-prices-bofa-data-shows-155107753.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
If you're using airlines as a forward economic indicator, the warning alarm is going off.
Weakness in air travel emerges: Air travel traffic has slowed substantially as consumers face higher ticket prices and baggage fees since the start of Operation Epic Fury, according to new data from Bank of America. In recent days, traffic has fallen below its 2024 and 2025 levels (see chart below).
What could rising airfare costs mean for consumer spending?
What are the main drivers behind rising airfare costs?
How much have domestic and international flight prices increased?
How has Operation Epic Fury affected air travel traffic?
"Since air tickets tend to be purchased on average six weeks before travel, we think the slowdown is likely due to the impact of the Iran war on not only airfares but also confidence," BofA economist Aditya Bhave wrote. "News reports of long security lines and flight delays due to TSA disruptions might also be weighing on consumers' willingness to fly. The implication is that discretionary services spending will probably be soft in April, after a strong March."
Read more: Your flight is about to get more expensive. These tips could save you.
By the numbers: The cost of jet fuel, which makes up about 25% to 30% of airlines' costs, has risen sharply since the start of the war in late February.
As of April 13, the average domestic round-trip flight cost $358, up 18% — or about $55 — from last year, according to travel booking site Kayak. International flights have also gotten pricier. Kayak data shows the cost of a round-trip economy flight from the US to foreign destinations has risen by an average of $115, to $1,064, compared to last year.
What one airline executive said: Delta (DAL) CEO Ed Bastian has been under fire since he hinted on an earnings call this month that he is in no rush to lower airfare prices if jet fuel prices retrench. Bastian said the airline would aim to "retain any of the pricing strength" gained during the conflict.
Delta has recently increased baggage fees, with fees for travelers' first and second checked bags rising by $10 to $55 each. Prices for third checked bags have increased by $50 to $200.
The bottom line: The US consumers have shown remarkable resilience as higher prices from the war have started to seep into their everyday lives. Clearly, the record-setting stock market has shrugged off any concerns of a consumer pullback.
But consumers aren't idiots, and they could be approaching the point where they rein in their spending until more normal prices emerge. Be on the lookout for this in the coming economic data.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio