Title: Buy These 3 Investment Bank Giants After Solid Q1 Earnings and Outlook
Date: 2026-04-27 13:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-3-investment-bank-giants-130100983.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The first-quarter 2026 earnings season has started with strong momentum. So far, major banks and financial institutions have reported their quarterly numbers. As of April 24, 138 companies from the S&P 500 Index reported earnings.
Total earnings for these 138 index members are up 23.1% from the same period last year on 9.6% higher revenues. Moreover, 76.8% beat EPS estimates and an equal proportion surpassed revenue estimates. Looking at Q1 2026 as a whole, total earnings of the S&P 500 companies are expected to increase by 14.5% from the same period last year, on 9.7% higher revenues.
Here, we recommend three investment bank giants that have posted strong first-quarter financial numbers with a solid outlook. These are: Morgan Stanley MS, Bank of America Corp. BAC and Citigroup Inc. C. Each of our stocks currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
The chart below shows the price performance of our three picks in the past three months.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Morgan Stanley’s first-quarter 2026 results showed capital market strength. Increased focus on asset and wealth management operations, along with its strategic alliances and acquisitions, will support MS’ top line.
The EquityZen acquisition broadens private market capabilities and should deepen client relationships over time. The performance of the investment banking (IB) business will continue to be driven by a strong pipeline, resilient M&A demand, lower rates and MS’ global footprint. Its efficient capital distributions reflect a solid balance sheet.
Morgan Stanley expects a modest sequential gain in the Wealth Management segment’s net interest income (NII) for the second quarter. Given the incremental loan growth expectation and deposit mix, NII is projected to continue trending higher.
Morgan Stanley has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 8.3% and 15.6%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings has improved 4.1% over the last 30 days.
Bank of America has been witnessing an increase in revenues over the past several years. BAC has been steadily embedding artificial intelligence (AI) across its operations, and this quiet transformation is emerging as a meaningful driver of operating margin expansion.
By integrating AI-driven digital capabilities with a targeted physical branch expansion strategy, the bank is building a “phygital” model that balances efficiency with customer engagement, an approach that is expected to allow BAC to streamline operations while simultaneously strengthening its revenue-generating capacity.
BAC provided strong guidance. Full year 2026 NII growth has been projected to 6% to 8% from 5-7% projected earlier. Operating leverage likely to stay at more than 200 basis points.
Bank of America has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 9.3% and 16.8%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings has improved 2.8% over the last 30 days.
Citigroup’s first-quarter 2026 results benefited from higher year-over-year NII. Ongoing transformation initiatives, including consumer business exits, cost cuts and operational streamlining, will likely support revenue growth of C as stranded costs and transformation spend begin to moderate.
Management expects revenues to see a 4-5% compound annual growth rate through 2026. C’s expansion into private credit boosts diversification, with a strong capital base supporting shareholder returns.
For 2026, management expects NII (excluding Markets) to increase 5-6% on a year-over-year basis in 2026. Citigroup anticipates an efficiency ratio of 60% in 2026, with another year of positive operating leverage.
Management continues to target a return on tangible common equity (RoTCE) of 10-11% in 2026. U.S Cards net credit loss (NCL) as a percentage of average loans is expected to be 4-4.5%. In 2025, U.S. Cards NCL was 4.1%.
Citigroup has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 8.4% and 33.3%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings has improved 0.8% over the last seven days.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio