Title: Ackman’s Pershing Square IPO Expected to Raise $5 Billion
Date: 2026-04-27 15:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/ackman-pershing-square-ipo-expected-152101362.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Bill Ackman’s IPO of his closed-end fund and his alternative asset management company is expected to raise about $5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, the low end of the targeted fundraising range.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Iran Offers Deal to US to Reopen Strait and Delay Nuclear Talks, Axios Says
The initial public offering of shares in Pershing Square USA Ltd., which includes free shares of Pershing Square Inc., is about 85% covered by institutional investors, the people said, asking not to be identified as the information isn’t public. The $5 billion figure includes the $2.8 billion private placement disclosed in US Securities and Exchange Commission filings, the people said.
The deal is expected to to stop taking orders at 4 p.m. New York time on Monday and to price on April 28 as scheduled, the people said. The IPO was targeting as much as $10 billion, according to an earlier statement. The private placement funds are contingent on raising a minimum of $5 billion, Ackman said in an investor presentation.
Deliberations are ongoing and details of the offering could still change, the people said. A representative for Pershing Square declined to comment.
The IPO would bolster Ackman’s shift in recent years toward a more permanent base of capital, letting him pick winners and allow them to bloom without worrying about investors yanking their money. His alternative asset manager has roughly $30.7 billion in total assets under management with $20.7 billion of that in fee-paying assets as of the end of 2025, according to a Pershing Square Inc. filing earlier.
The closed-end fund structure doesn’t provide opportunities for redemptions by investors, and unlike a mutual fund, doesn’t continuously create or redeem shares, meaning prices can trade at a premium or discount to the value of the underlying holdings.
Pershing Square Holdings Ltd., his London-listed closed-end fund, recently added a sizable stake in Meta Platforms Inc., joining new bets in the last 12 months including Amazon.com Inc. and Hertz Global Holdings Inc., an investor presentation showed.
For every five shares of Pershing Square USA investors buy, they will receive one share of Pershing Square Inc. at no additional cost, the filings show. Private placement investors buying five shares of the closed-end fund will receive 1.5 Pershing Square Inc. shares.
Ackman’s latest attempt at a long-term public investment fund strategy comes after a plan to raise as much as $25 billion for a New York Stock Exchange-listed closed-end fund floundered in 2024, Pershing Square pivoted to boosting its Howard Hughes Holdings Inc. stake a few months later to use as a vehicle for taking majority stakes in other firms.
Pershing Square USA will charge a 2% management fee, and won’t charge a performance fee, according to the filings.
After the IPOs, an investment vehicle controlled by Ackman, Chief Investment Officer Ryan Israel and other executives, is expected to have voting power over Pershing Square Inc.
The combined offering is being led by Citigroup Inc., UBS Group AG, Bank of America Corp., Jefferies Financial Group Inc., and Wells Fargo & Co. The closed-end fund will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PSUS while the hedge fund manager will trade under the ticker PS.
--With assistance from Georgie McKay.
(Updates with context from fifth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio