Title: Intel $6.5 Billion Bond Sale Signals Investor Hope in Turnaround
Date: 2026-04-27 21:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intel-draws-50-billion-investor-181948488.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- Intel Corp. has been suffering from credit rating downgrades in recent years as its profits deteriorated, but on Monday bond investors signaled they are buying into the company’s turnaround story.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The $1 Million Retirement Myth: Here’s What to Save Instead
The chipmaker attracted about $50 billion of orders for a $6.5 billion bond sale, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Proceeds of the offering will help Intel buy back a in an Irish chip plant that it had sold off.
Intel has been trying to win back its technological edge after suffering from market share losses for its computer chips for years. It saw its credit ratings slip to the BBB tier, a few steps above junk, from the A tier.
In 2025, the US government acquired a stake as part of an unconventional White House-brokered deal. Last week, Intel signaled it’s making progress in fixing itself, delivering a sales forecast that shattered Wall Street’s expectations. Investors are growing more optimistic that it is finally seizing on a surge in artificial intelligence spending. Shares have hit record highs.
Monday’s bond sale had been in the works for some time, but the positive results helped with momentum for this deal, according to a person with knowledge of the sale. The bonds priced at somewhere between 0 and 0.05 percentage point wider than Intel’s existing debt, a relatively low concession signaling relatively strong demand. The deal garnered orders equal to about 7.7 times the bonds for sale, compared with an average for deals this year of closer to about 4 times.
Investors’ growing hope in Intel’s turnaround is also evident in the credit derivatives market, where the of protecting the company’s debt against default has dropped this month: it was around 0.6 percentage point a year for five years on Monday, compared with about 0.85 percentage point in late March.
Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays Plc, Bank of America Corp. and Deutsche Bank AG ran the bond offering. Representatives for Intel and for the banks either declined or did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The need for data center chips to power the massive AI expansion is lifting demand for Intel’s flagship Xeon server processors. That type of generalist semiconductor — the central processing unit, or CPU — is a renewed focus for companies trying to turn their AI software into services that bring in revenue.
Proceeds from the bond offering will help Intel fund its $14.2 billion repurchase of a 49% stake in its Fab 34 joint venture in Ireland from Apollo Global Management Inc. The private equity firm paid $11.2 billion for the stake in 2024, providing cash that Intel said it needed for new production technology at the facility and others in the US.
Intel had most recently sold dollar notes in February 2024, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its foundry joint venture with Brookfield Infrastructure Partners raised nearly $12 billion through three offerings in 2024 and 2025.
The longest-term note in Monday’s five-part offering, due in 2066, yielded 1.3 percentage points more than Treasuries, about 0.35 percentage point tighter than initial price talk, a person said. The issuance was the largest among 12 high-grade offerings and part of an active session in US debt-capital markets on Monday.
--With assistance from Kevin Kingsbury and Ian King.
(Updates with detail about pricing from sixth paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
FanDuel Is Playing Catch-Up on Prediction Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio