Title: Knight-Swift Q1 Earnings Match Estimates, Decrease Year Over Year
Date: 2026-04-27 17:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/knight-swift-q1-earnings-match-174000664.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc.’s (KNX) first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of 9 cents per share matched the Zacks Consensus Estimate but declined 67.9% year over year. The reported figure came below the guided range of 28-32 cents.
Total revenues of $1.85 million almost came in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate and grew 1.4% year over year. Revenues, excluding truckload and LTL fuel surcharge, grew 0.3% year over year to $1.63 billion.
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. Quote
Total operating expenses (on a reported basis) grew 3.6% year over year to $1.82 billion.
Revenues (excluding fuel surcharge and inter-segment transactions) from Truckload totaled $1.05 billion (below our estimate of $1.18 billion), down 0.3% year over year, owing to a 1.4% improvement in revenue per loaded mile, excluding fuel surcharge and intersegment transactions, largely offset by a 1.8% decrease in loaded miles. Adjusted operating income fell 16.4% year over year. The first-quarter adjusted operating ratio was 70 basis points higher year over year.
The Less-Than-Truckload segment generated revenues (excluding fuel surcharges) worth $313.13 million in the first quarter, up 2.6% year over year, owing to a 5.2% increase in weight per shipment and an 8.5% increase in length of haul, offset by a 1.0% decrease in shipments per day. Revenue per hundredweight, excluding fuel surcharge, fell 0.7% year over year, driven by the increase in weight per shipment, while renewal rates continue their recent trend of mid-single-digit percentage increases. Revenue per shipment, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 4.4% year over year. Adjusted operating income fell 93.1% year over year, and the adjusted operating ratio of 99.6% grew 540 basis points year over year.
Revenues from Logistics (excluding inter-segment transactions) amounted to $127.60 million, down 9.9% year over year, owing to an 18.9% decline in load count, partially offset by a 10.4% increase in revenue per load. Adjusted operating income decreased 24.1% year over year to $4.78 million. The adjusted operating ratio grew 70 bps to 96.2%.
Intermodal revenues (excluding inter-segment transactions) totaled $93.58 million, up 2.7% year over year, as 1.6% increase in revenue per load and a 1.2% increase in load count offset headwinds from winter weather in the reported quarter.
Within the All Other Segments, revenues grew 13.5%, and operating results declined more than 100% year over year, owing to the inclusion of $5.2 million of costs for the accounts receivable securitization program and startup costs on new contract awards in the company’s warehousing business.
Knight-Swift exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $222.77 million compared with $220.42 million at the prior-quarter end. Long-term debt (excluding current maturities) was $706.02 million compared with $1.02 billion at the end of the prior quarter.
KNX expects its second-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of 45-49 cents. The Zacks Consensus Estimate of 47 cents lies within the guidance.
Truckload Segment revenue, excluding fuel surcharge, is expected to be up low single-digit percent year over year, with operating margins improving 100 to 200 basis points year over year for the second quarter. LTL segment revenues, excluding fuel surcharge, are expected to be up low single-digit percent year over year in the second quarter, driven by mix and yield improvement, with shipment count relatively stable year over year.
Logistics segment revenues are expected to be low-to-mid single-digit percent year over year in the second quarter. Intermodal Segment load count is expected to be up in the high single to low double-digit percent sequentially in the second quarter. All Other Segments’ operating income, before including the $11.5 million quarterly intangible asset amortization, is anticipated to be between $14 million and $18 million in the second quarter. 
Net interest expense is expected to be fairly flat sequentially in the second quarter. Net cash capital expenditures for 2026 are expected to be in the range of $600 million-$650 million (prior view: $625 million-$675 million). Adjusted tax rate is expected to be between 25.5% and 26.5% for the second quarter of 2026 and for 2026. 
Currently, KNX carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis due to high labor costs. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL) reported solid first-quarter 2026 results wherein the company’s earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate and improved on a year-over-year basis.
UAL's first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50.
Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year.
Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. (KNX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio