Title: United CEO says merger talks with American have ended
Date: 2026-04-27 14:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/united-ceo-says-merger-talks-with-american-have-ended-142837374.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
United Airlines (UAL) CEO Scott Kirby said Monday that talks about a potential merger with American Airlines (AAL) had ended, writing that “without a willing partner, something this big simply can’t get done.”
United’s stock fell 0.8% on Monday morning while shares of American Airlines fell 1.9%.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
In a long statement shared on Monday morning, Kirby confirmed he had approached American Airlines in recent weeks about a potential merger that could create a “truly great airline that customers love.”
Yet American “declined to engage and instead responded by publicly closing the door,” Kirby wrote. Shortly after initial news reports that Kirby was pitching a merger, American Airlines said it was not interested in such a plan.
Why did United-American Airlines merger talks fail?
What were Scott Kirby's arguments for the proposed merger?
How did industry leaders and regulators respond to merger plans?
What industry pressures are driving airline consolidation discussions?
Read more: Find the best travel credit cards for April 2026
In comments on American’s first quarter earnings call, CEO Robert Isom said such a plan would be “bad for customers, bad for the industry, and ultimately, that would be bad for American Airlines.”
“The idea of the two largest airlines in the world getting together, that is something that we’ve viewed as being anticompetitive and obviously everybody that has weighed in suggests the same thing,” Isom said.
President Trump also voiced opposition to the tie-up, saying in a CNBC interview, “I don’t like having them merge.”
“With American, it’s doing fine,” Trump said. “I know the United people, they’re doing very well.”
In his note, Kirby argued that airline mergers have typically been cost-cutting ventures that combine two struggling brands into one stronger entity. He added that a merger between the two companies would have created more “value” by increasing the number of economy-tier seats available to the market, expanding the set of international destinations, and strengthening the competitive profile versus other heavyweight air carriers.
But “American’s public comments make it clear that a merger like this is off the table for the foreseeable future,” Kirby wrote.
Talks of a potential merger come as airlines face higher fuel costs, the latest headwind for the industry stemming from the war in Iran. This could, in turn, lead to consolidation in the industry as smaller airlines struggle to keep up with higher costs, according to Ed Bastian, CEO of United rival Delta Air Lines.
“I think high fuel prices, more than any other factor, have created that sense of urgency amongst the industry to either improve through performance, improve through rationalization, improve through consolidation, or face being eliminated, because this is an extreme move at a higher level than we have seen in the past,” Bastian said on the company’s earnings call.
Jake Conley is a breaking news reporter covering US equities for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X at @byjakeconley or email him at jake.conley@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio