Title: J&J sees AI halving the time to generate drug development leads
Date: 2026-04-27 15:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/j-j-sees-ai-halving-150312205.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
By Michael Erman
NEW YORK, April 27 (Reuters) - Johnson & Johnson is using artificial intelligence to slash by half the time it takes to generate new leads for developing drugs, the company's chief information officer ‌said on Monday.
Discovering new products outright and bringing them to market using AI is not yet possible, ‌but J&J is using the new technology to screen the "potential universe" for promising chemical compounds or biologics, CIO Jim Swanson said at the ​Reuters Momentum AI event in New York.
"That's still a ways away, but we can optimize," Swanson said. "We've cut our lead optimization time in half."
The New Jersey-based pharmaceutical and medical device company has been working toward a more-focused approach to AI, honing in on core processes like AI-enabled products, drug development and supply chain optimization.
"We're trying to cure cancer," Swanson said. "We need ‌every tool that we can leverage to ⁠be able to do that."
Through the use of AI, Swanson said the company has already accelerated the development process for two compounds - one in oncology and another in immunology. The ⁠company is working to develop new drugs as it moves past the patent expiration of Stelara, one of its top-selling medicines, used to treat psoriasis and other autoimmune conditions.
FASTER MAPPING, PRECISION CUTTING
In J&J's medical devices business, the company is using AI in ​products to ​help surgeons in the operating room, Swanson said. AI has ​reduced times to map the heart for procedures ‌to correct arrhythmias and improved precision for knee and hip replacements, he said.
AI has been useful in manufacturing, helping to determine when to add solvent at the appropriate time and temperature, Swanson said.
J&J is also using AI to streamline preparation of documents for regulators. The traditional process for a clinical trial report can take 700 to 900 hours, the CIO said.
That time has gone from "700 hours to about 15 minutes," Swanson said.
Other companies have said AI is helping ‌find participants and sites for clinical trials and drafting documents for ​regulators, shaving weeks off labor-intensive processes. It can take a decade and ​cost billions to bring a new drug to ​market.
"We treat patients all around the world, and so we want to make sure that ‌in our clinical studies they represent the patient ​populations that we're serving," Swanson said. "AI ​is being used to make sure we can accelerate enrollment with diverse patient populations."
Swanson said rather than people being replaced by the technology, he sees using AI as an additional skill for the company's employees. ​J&J currently has about 4,000 information ‌technology employees out of 140,000 total.
"A software engineer isn't getting replaced, now their role is expanding," he ​said. "Our focus continues to be on skills. These are 'and' skills, not 'or' skills."
(Reporting by Michael Erman; writing ​by Chris Prentice; Editing by Caroline Humer and Bill Berkrot)
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio