Title: FDA grants Priority Review for IMAAVY® (nipocalimab-aahu) as the potential first approved treatment 
Date: 2026-04-27 12:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/fda-grants-priority-review-imaavy-120300180.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Priority Review is granted to medicines that may offer significant improvements in safety or effectiveness for serious conditions like warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia, a life-threatening disease in which pathogenic immunoglobulin G autoantibodies attach to and destroy red blood cells, leading to debilitating anemia
IMAAVY is designed to target the underlying cause of warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia by reducing circulating immunoglobulin G, including autoantibodies, while preserving critical immune functions 
Pivotal study showed rapid and durable hemoglobin responsea and fatigue improvementb compared to placebo in patients with warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia
SPRING HOUSE, Pa., April 27, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Priority Review to the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for IMAAVY® (nipocalimab-aahu),c confirming the urgent need for treatment options in warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA). Priority Review is granted to medicines that may offer significant improvements in safety or effectiveness for serious conditions and shortens the FDA review timeline to approximately six months.1 IMAAVY is the first therapy to receive FDA Priority Review for this condition.
"Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia is a severe disease in which pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies, also called autoantibodies, drive destruction of red blood cells. Currently, patients depend on broad immunosuppressive therapies that fail to address the underlying cause of disease and are not approved as safe or effective to treat wAIHA," said Leonard L. Dragone, M.D., Ph.D., Disease Area Leader, Autoantibody and Rheumatology, Johnson & Johnson. "This designation highlights both the serious, life-threatening nature of wAIHA and the potential for IMAAVY, if approved, to help address a critical unmet need by delivering clinically meaningful outcomes for patients."
IMAAVY is designed to block the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), reducing circulating IgG, including pathogenic autoantibodies, while preserving key immune functions.2,3 By targeting the underlying driver of disease, IMAAVY utilizes a differentiated immunoselective approach in a condition where many patients currently rely on therapies that are unapproved for wAIHA, including corticosteroids and broad immunosuppressants.4
The FDA's decision to grant Priority Review is supported by results from the pivotal Phase 2/3 ENERGY study, which showed that more patients treated with IMAAVY achieved a durable hemoglobin responsea compared with placebo, along with improvements in fatigue,b a critical outcome for people living with wAIHA.5 The full results of the ENERGY trial will be presented at an upcoming medical conference.
Nipocalimab is being studied across multiple auto- and alloantibody-driven diseases as part of Johnson & Johnson's broader commitment to advancing transformational immunology therapies.
Editor's Notes: 
a. Durable hemoglobin response = hemoglobin concentration ≥10 g/dL and an increase from baseline in hemoglobin ≥2 g/dL for at least 28 daysb. As measured by Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue (FACIT-Fatigue) Scalec. IMAAVY is not approved by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of wAIHA
ABOUT THE ENERGY TRIALENERGY (NCT04119050) is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2/3 study evaluating the efficacy and safety of nipocalimab compared with placebo, followed by an open-label extension period, in adults living with warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA).5
ABOUT WARM AUTOIMMUNE HEMOLYTIC ANEMIA (wAIHA)Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA) is a rare, life-threatening condition where autoantibodies attach to and destroy red blood cells (RBCs), resulting in anemia. Approximately 1-3 new people per 100,000 are affected by wAIHA per year, and about 1 in 8,000 individuals are living with the condition.4,6 This condition affects both women and men, and can affect people at any age with incidence increasing over the age of 50.7,8 Additionally, people with wAIHA are at increased risk of other serious complications such as venous thrombotic events, acute renal failure, and infection.9
There are no Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs indicated for wAIHA, and treatment typically consists of unapproved corticosteroids, broad immunosuppressants, and B-cell directed therapies.4 With an unmet need for treatment in wAIHA, novel therapies like nipocalimab are being developed to potentially address this need.8
ABOUT IMAAVY (nipocalimab-aahu)IMAAVY is an immunoselective treatment designed to target, bind with high affinity, and block the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), reducing circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies that drive disease while also preserving key immune functions. IMAAVY is currently approved for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive.10
Nipocalimab is being investigated across three key segments in the autoantibody space including Rheumatologic diseases, Rare Autoantibody diseases, and Maternal Fetal diseases mediated by maternal alloantibodies, in which blockade of IgG binding to FcRn in the placenta is believed to limit transplacental transfer of maternal alloantibodies to the fetus.11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) have granted several key designations to nipocalimab including:
EU EMA Orphan medicinal product designation for hemolytic disease of the fetus and newborn (HDFN) in October 2019 and fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (FNAIT) in April 2025
U.S. FDA Fast Track designation in HDFN and warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia (wAIHA) in July 2019, gMG in December 2021, FNAIT in March 2024, Sjögren's disease (SjD) in March 2025, and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in January 2026
U.S. FDA Orphan drug status for wAIHA in December 2019, HDFN in June 2020, gMG in February 2021, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) in October 2021 and FNAIT in December 2023
U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation for HDFN in February 2024 and for SjD in November 2024
U.S. FDA granted Priority Review in gMG in Q4 2024 and wAIHA in Q2 2026
The legal manufacturer for IMAAVY is Janssen Biotech, Inc.
WHAT IS IMAAVY (nipocalimab-aahu)?IMAAVY is a prescription medicine used to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older with a disease called generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive.
It is not known if IMAAVY is safe and effective in children under 12 years of age.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION 
What is the most important information I should know about IMAAVY?
IMAAVY is a prescription medicine that may cause serious side effects, including:
Infections are a common side effect of IMAAVY that can be serious. Receiving IMAAVY may increase your risk of infection. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have any of the following infection symptoms:
fever
chills
shivering
cough
sore throat
fever blisters
burning when you urinate
Allergic (hypersensitivity) reactions may happen during or up to a few weeks after your IMAAVY infusion. Get emergency medical help right away if you get any of these symptoms during or after your IMAAVY infusion:
a swollen face, lips, mouth, tongue, or throat
difficulty swallowing or breathing
itchy rash (hives)
chest pain or tightness
Infusion-related reactions are possible. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you get any of these symptoms during or a few days after your IMAAVY infusion:
headache
rash
nausea
fatigue
dizziness
chills
flu-like symptoms
redness of skin
Do not receive IMAAVY if you have a severe allergic reaction to nipocalimab-aahu or any of the ingredients in IMAAVY®. Reactions have included angioedema and anaphylaxis.
Before using IMAAVY, tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you:
ever had an allergic reaction to IMAAVY.
have or had any recent infections or symptoms of infection.
have recently received or are scheduled to receive an immunization (vaccine). People who take IMAAVY should not receive live vaccines.
are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breastfeeding. It is not known whether IMAAVY will harm your baby.
Pregnancy Safety Study. There is a pregnancy safety study for IMAAVY if IMAAVY is given during pregnancy or you become pregnant while receiving IMAAVY. Your healthcare provider should report IMAAVY exposure by contacting Janssen at 1-800-526-7736 or www.IMAAVY.com.
Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements.
What are the possible side effects of IMAAVY?IMAAVY may cause serious side effects. See "What is the most important information I should know about IMAAVY?"
The most common side effects of IMAAVY include: respiratory tract infection, peripheral edema (swelling in your hands, ankles, or feet), and muscle spasms.
These are not all the possible side effects of IMAAVY. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
Please see the full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide for IMAAVY and discuss any questions you have with your doctor.
Dosage Form and Strengths: IMAAVY is supplied as a 300 mg/1.62 mL and a 1,200 mg/6.5 mL (185 mg/mL) single-dose vial per carton for intravenous injection.
ABOUT JOHNSON & JOHNSONAt Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow and profoundly impact health for humanity.
Learn more at https://www.jnj.com/ or at www.innovativemedicine.jnj.com.
Follow us at @JNJInnovMed.
Janssen Research & Development, LLC, Janssen Biotech, Inc. and Janssen Global Services, LLC are Johnson & Johnson companies.
For full financial data, non-GAAP reconciliations and cautionary statements, please refer to Johnson & Johnson's earnings release issued on April 14, 2026 available at https://www.investor.jnj.com/financials/quarterly-results/default.aspx
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future operating and financial performance. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations of future events. For important information about the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially from the assumptions, expectations, and projections expressed in any forward-looking statements, review the "Note to Investors Concerning Forward-Looking Statements" included in the Johnson & Johnson earnings release issued on April 14, 2026 as well as the most recently filed Johnson & Johnson Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
1 U.S. Food & Drug Administration. Priority Review. Available at: https://www.fda.gov/patients/fast-track-breakthrough-therapy-accelerated-approval-priority-review/priority-review. Last accessed: April 2026.2 Ling LE., et al. M281, an anti‐fcrn antibody: Pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics, and safety across the full range of IGG reduction in a first‐in‐human study. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics., 2018;105;4:1031–1039. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1002/cpt.1276. 3 Cossu M et al. A randomized, open-label study on the effect of nipocalimab vaccine response in healthy participants. Presentation at American Association of Neuromuscular & Electrodiagnostic Medicine (AANEM) Annual Meeting. October 2024.4 Sudulagunta SR, et al. Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia: Clinical Profile and Management. J Hematol. 2017 Mar; 6(1): 12–20. Published online 2017 Mar 21. doi: 10.14740/jh303w.5 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04119050. Available at: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT041190506 Tranekær S, Hansen DL, Frederiksen H. Epidemiology of secondary warm autoimmune haemolytic anaemia-A systematic review and meta-analysis. J Clin Med. 2021 Mar 17;10(6):1244. doi:10.3390/jcm10061244. PMID: 33802848; PMCID: PMC8002719.7 National Organization for Rare Disorders, Warm autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia. Available at: https://rarediseases.org/rare-diseases/warm-autoimmune-hemolytic-anemia/. Last accessed: April 2026.8 Cherif H, Ca Q, Crivera C, Leon A, Rahman I, Leval A, Noel W, Kjellander C. Overall survival and treatment patterns among patients with warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia in Sweden: A nationwide population-based study. 2024.9 Fattizzo B, Barcellini W. New therapies for the treatment of warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Transfusion Medical Reviews. 2022;36(4). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tmrv.2022.08.00110 IMAAVY® U.S. Prescribing Information.11 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04951622. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04951622. Last accessed: April 2026.12 ClinicalTrials.gov. NCT03842189. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03842189. Last accessed: April 2026.13 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05327114. Available at: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05327114. Last accessed: April 2026.14 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04119050. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT04119050. Last accessed: April 2026.15 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05379634. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05379634. Last accessed: April 2026.16 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05912517. Available at: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05912517. Last accessed: April 2026.17 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04968912. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT04968912. Last accessed: April 2026.18 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04882878. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT04882878. Last accessed: April 2026.19 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06449651. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06449651. Last accessed: April 2026.20 ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06533098 Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06533098. Last accessed: April 2026.
Media contact:Bridget Kimmel
bkimmel@its.jnj.com 
Investor contact:Jessica Margevich
investor-relations@its.jnj.com 
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-grants-priority-review-for-imaavy-nipocalimab-aahu-as-the-potential-first-approved-treatment-for-people-living-with-warm-autoimmune-hemolytic-anemia-waiha-302753581.html
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio