Title: Will These 5 Drug Bigwigs Surpass Q1 Earnings Forecasts_
Date: 2026-04-27 16:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/5-drug-bigwigs-surpass-q1-161300907.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The first-quarter 2026 reporting cycle for the Medical sector is about to accelerate, as most companies are scheduled to release results over the next two weeks. The earnings season for the drug and biotech sector began earlier this month when pharma bellwether Johnson & Johnson reported solid first-quarter results, beating estimates for both earnings and sales. Reflecting the strong performance, J&J modestly raised its 2026 financial guidance, signaling confidence in sustained growth across both its Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses.
Last week, Swiss pharma giant Roche reported first-quarter 2026 results, which were weighed down by unfavorable foreign-exchange movements, as weakness in the U.S. dollar adversely impacted international sales. Nonetheless, the company’s underlying operational performance was solid as robust growth in key products helped offset declining sales of legacy drugs.
Also, last week, French pharma giant Sanofi reported strong first-quarter results, beating estimates for both earnings and sales. Higher sales of blockbuster drug, Dupixent, and contributions from new products like Altuviiio and Ayvakit continued to drive the top-line growth.
Per the Zacks classification, the pharma/biotech industry falls under the broader Medical sector, comprising pharma/biotech and generic companies, and medical device companies.
Per the Earnings Trends report, as of April 22, 13.8% of the companies in the Medical sector — representing 27.5% of the sector’s market capitalization — reported quarterly earnings. Out of these, 87.5% surpassed earnings estimates, while 87.5% beat the same for revenues. Earnings increased 2% year over year, while revenues rose 3.6%. Overall, first-quarter earnings of the Medical sector are expected to decrease 7.1%, while sales are projected to rise 6.3% from the year-ago quarter.
Eli Lilly LLY, Merck MRK, AbbVie ABBV, Bristol Myers BMY and Biogen BIIB are all slated to release their first-quarter results this week. Let us examine how these biotech/pharma companies are likely to have performed in the soon-to-be-reported quarter.
Eli Lilly’s performance has been mixed, with the company exceeding earnings expectations in three of the trailing four quarters while missing on the remaining occasion. It delivered a four-quarter earnings surprise of 7.96%, on average. In the last reported quarter, LLY delivered a positive earnings surprise of 7.87%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $17.78 billion and $7.26 per share, respectively.
Per our proven model, companies with the combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) have a good chance of delivering an earnings beat. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Eli Lilly has an Earnings ESP of -4.83% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
In the first quarter of 2026, like the past few quarters, the key drivers of Lilly’s top-line growth are likely to have been its popular GLP-1 drugs, diabetes drug Mounjaro and obesity drug Zepbound, driven by high demand trends, partially offset by lower pricing.
LLY is scheduled to report its first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 30, before market open.
Eli Lilly and Company price-eps-surprise | Eli Lilly and Company Quote
Merck’s performance has been solid, with the company exceeding earnings expectations in each of the trailing four quarters. It delivered a four-quarter earnings surprise of 4.76%, on average. In the last reported quarter, MRK delivered an earnings surprise of 0.49%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter top line is pegged at $15.90 billion, while the same for the bottom line stands at a loss of $1.51 per share.
MRK has an Earnings ESP of +3.14% and a Zacks Rank #3, indicating a likely positive earnings surprise this time around.
Merck’s top-line growth in the first quarter is expected to be driven by higher sales of Keytruda and other oncology drugs, Animal Health and new products, which may have been partially offset by lower sales of Gardasil and some other vaccines, as well as generic competition for some key drugs.
MRK is set to report its first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 30, before market open.
Merck & Co., Inc. price-eps-surprise | Merck & Co., Inc. Quote
AbbVie’s performance has been impressive, with its earnings exceeding expectations in each of the trailing four quarters. It delivered a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of 3.17%. In the last reported quarter, ABBV delivered an earnings surprise of 1.88%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $14.78 billion and $2.62 per share, respectively.
ABBV has an Earnings ESP of 0.00% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
AbbVie’s top-line growth in the first quarter is likely to have been driven by higher sales of newer immunology drugs, Skyrizi and Rinvoq. We expect both drugs to have expanded their market share across all approved indications.
Also, sales of the company’s flagship drug Humira are likely to have continued their downward trend due to biosimilar erosion.
ABBV is set to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 29, before the opening bell.
AbbVie Inc. price-eps-surprise | AbbVie Inc. Quote
Bristol Myers has an excellent track record. Its earnings beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 18.84%. In the previously reported quarter, the company’s earnings beat estimates by 9.57%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $10.92 billion and $1.44 per share, respectively.
BMY has an Earnings ESP of -1.02% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
In the first quarter of 2026, Bristol Myers’ top line is likely to have gained from an increase in growth portfolio sales. The growth portfolio primarily comprises sales from drugs like Opdivo, Opdivo Qvantig, Orencia, Yervoy, Reblozyl, Camzyos, Breyanzi, Opdualag, Zeposia, Abecma, Sotyku, Krazati and Cobenfy.
However, as in the previous quarters, total quarterly revenues are likely to have been adversely impacted by a decline in sales from the legacy portfolio, which includes Eliquis, Revlimid, Pomalyst, Sprycel and Abraxane, among others.
BMY is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 30, before market open.
Bristol Myers Squibb Company price-eps-surprise | Bristol Myers Squibb Company Quote
Biogen’s performance has been mixed, with the company exceeding earnings expectations in three of the trailing four quarters while missing on the remaining occasion. It delivered a four-quarter earnings surprise of 19.77%, on average. In the last reported quarter, BIIB delivered a positive earnings surprise of 23.60%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $2.25 billion and $2.96 per share, respectively.
BIIB has an Earnings ESP of -1.25% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
In the first quarter of 2026, lower sales of Biogen’s multiple sclerosis (“MS”) drugs, excluding Vumerity, are likely to have been offset by sequential revenue growth of new products. Also, sales of Biogen’s spinal muscular atrophy drug, Spinraza, are likely to have declined in the first quarter due to lower revenues in international markets.
Sales of Biogen’s newly launched drug Skyclarys for Friedreich’s ataxia are likely to have continued to improve sequentially, backed by demand growth and geographic expansion in outside U.S. markets.
BIIB will report first-quarter 2026 results on April 29, before market open.
Biogen Inc. price-eps-surprise | Biogen Inc. Quote
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Biogen Inc. (BIIB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio