Title: J&J agrees to acquire Atraverse Medical to advance cardiac ablation portfolio
Date: 2026-04-27 11:29
URL: https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/news/jj-agrees-to-acquire-atraverse-medical-to-advance-cardiac-ablation-portfolio/?.tsrc=rss

Should the transaction complete, J&J will inherit Atraverse’s radiofrequency system for simplifying access to the heart’s left atrium.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has agreed to acquire Atraverse Medical in a development that will give the medtech giant a left atrium access system to streamline cardiac ablation workflows.
San Diego-based Atraverse’s lead product is Hotwire, a system comprised of a radiofrequency (RF) guidewire and generator. According to the company, Hotwire is the first left-heart access system with impedance-guided technology and a mechanism to halt energy delivery to minimise unnecessary RF exposure in the left atrium.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
J&J highlighted that acquiring Atraverse would avail the company of an “innovative” tool to treat patients with atrial fibrillation and other cardiac arrhythmias. The transaction, for which the financial terms have not been publicly disclosed, is expected to close in H2 2026.
Hotwire’s guidewire obtained US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance in May 2024, with a limited US market release initiated thereafter. The fully integrated system plus RF generator gained FDA clearance in December 2025. Since its limited market release, Hotwire has been successfully used in almost 3,000 left-heart access procedures, as per J&J.
Access to the left atrium is critical in performing atrial fibrillation ablation procedures. However, there is no venous pathway into the left atrium. Therefore, companies, including J&J’s RF ablation-focused subsidiary Biosense Webster, currently rely on products such as transeptal needles or steerable sheaths to puncture or bypass the interatrial septum in order to access the left atrium.
In February 2026, Atraverse shared data on Hotwire at the AF Symposium 2026 in Boston, revealing that in a first-in-human observational study including approximately 500 patients, the guidewire achieved a 100% procedural success rate.
Commenting on the data at the time, Dr Steven Mickelsen, Atraverse’s co-founder and chief translational science officer, said: “These data reinforce the clinical importance of controlled RF delivery and impedance-guided shutoff during transseptal access.
“The consistency of results across preclinical and first-in-human studies highlights the strength of the Hotwire platform and its potential to set a new standard for left-heart access.”
GlobalData analysis reveals that the global electrophysiology ablation catheter market is growing at a CAGR of 11.1% and is projected to reach a valuation of around $17.6bn in 2035, up from $6.1bn in 2025.
According to a GlobalData market model, J&J’s Biosense Webster held a 43.1% share of the US electrophysiology ablation catheter market in 2025, ahead of Boston Scientific and Medtronic in second and third place, with market shares of 25.6% and 24.6%, respectively.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Medical Technology : Medical Device Network Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the medical device industry

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.