Title: PureTech Founded Entity Seaport Therapeutics Adds Intra-Cellular Therapies Founder and CEO, Dr. Shar
Date: 2026-04-27 11:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/puretech-founded-entity-seaport-therapeutics-110500631.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
BOSTON, April 27, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PureTech Health plc (Nasdaq: PRTC, LSE: PRTC) ("PureTech" or the "Company"), a hub-and-spoke biotherapeutics company dedicated to giving life to science and transforming innovation into value, notes that its Founded Entity, Seaport Therapeutics, today announced the appointment of Dr. Sharon Mates to its Board of Directors.
Dr. Mates served as the Co-Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. from inception of the company in June 2002 until its acquisition by Johnson & Johnson (J&J) in 2025 for approximately $14.6 billion. She has decades of experience in neuropsychiatry, guiding a company she founded through successful commercialization and a major strategic transaction.
The full text of the announcement from Seaport is as follows:
Seaport Therapeutics Adds Intra-Cellular Therapies Founder and CEO, Dr. Sharon Mates, to its Board of Directors
Dr. Mates grew Intra-Cellular from discovery and early innovation through commercialization of CAPLYTA® and a $14.6 billion acquisition by Johnson & Johnson
Seaport Therapeutics ("Seaport" or the "Company"), a clinical-stage therapeutics company that is inventing and developing neuropsychiatric medicines, today announced the appointment of Dr. Sharon Mates to its Board of Directors.
Dr. Mates served as the Co-Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. from inception of the company in June 2002 until its acquisition by Johnson & Johnson (J&J) in 2025 for approximately $14.6 billion. She has decades of experience in neuropsychiatry, guiding a company she founded through successful commercialization and a major strategic transaction.
"Sharon is an exceptional biotech entrepreneur and leader whom I have admired for years. We are delighted to welcome her to our Board," said Daphne Zohar, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Seaport Therapeutics. "Her significant experience, intellectual curiosity, deep industry relationships, and genuine appreciation for our patient-centered approach will meaningfully support Seaport’s mission to develop life-changing treatments for patients with depression, anxiety, and other neuropsychiatric disorders."
"I have followed Seaport’s programs with great interest and believe Seaport is positioned to have a significant impact in neuropsychiatry," said Dr. Sharon Mates. "I look forward to working closely with Daphne as I have long respected the vision and leadership she brings as a fellow founder and CEO whose work has impacted patients. I’m also excited about collaborating with long-time colleagues from the neuropsychiatry field including Steve Paul, Tony Loebel, and other members of the team and Board to help guide Seaport’s continued growth and advance its mission to develop life-changing treatments for patients."
Under Dr. Mates’ leadership, Intra-Cellular Therapies developed medicines for mental health disorders including bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia, and received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for its novel antipsychotic CAPLYTA®, which generated greater than $1.5 billion in sales prior to the company’s acquisition by J&J, and continued its commercial growth thereafter driven by expanded market reach and additional FDA approvals.
"Sharon brings scientific and strategic depth in neuropsychiatry, including completing the journey from complex neuroscience drug discovery to real‑world medicines," said Steven Paul, M.D., Co-Founder and Board Chair of Seaport Therapeutics. "Having witnessed Sharon’s impact on CNS drug development over many decades, it is a privilege to serve alongside her on the Board as we extend that impact through our work at Seaport developing important new medicines for patients with debilitating neuropsychiatric disorders."
Dr. Mates brings board-level and governance experience, having served on biotech and biopharmaceutical company boards, as well as several not-for-profit boards. She currently serves on the boards of Medincell (Euronext: MEDCL) and Benitec (Nasdaq: BNTC). Dr. Mates is presently forming a new company in the areas of inflammation, metabolism, and other indications. Earlier in her career, she was a research analyst, investment banker, and an advisor to the life sciences industry. Dr. Mates received a B.S. from Ohio State University, a Ph.D. from the University of Washington and completed her postdoctoral fellowships at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School.
About Seaport TherapeuticsSeaport Therapeutics is a clinical-stage therapeutics company focused on inventing and developing new medicines for patients with depression, anxiety, and other debilitating neuropsychiatric disorders. Through its differentiated approach, the Company identifies clinically validated mechanisms with established efficacy and safety which had historically been limited by high first-pass metabolism, low bioavailability, and/or side effects. Seaport applies its proprietary Glyph™ platform to overcome those limitations and invent innovative oral therapies. With an experienced team of industry leaders, Seaport has a proven track record in neuropsychiatry drug discovery and development and delivering successful business outcomes. Seaport aims to develop novel, leading treatment options that will make a significant impact for patients and their families. For more information, please visit www.seaporttx.com.
About PureTech HealthPureTech Health is a hub-and-spoke biotherapeutics company dedicated to giving life to science and transforming innovation into value. We do this through a proven, capital-efficient R&D model focused on opportunities with validated pharmacology and untapped potential to address significant patient needs. This strategy has produced dozens of therapeutic candidates, including three that have received U.S. FDA approval. By identifying, shaping, and de-risking these high-conviction assets, and scaling them through dedicated structures backed by external capital, we accelerate their path to patients while creating sustainable value for shareholders.
For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter) @puretechh.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation those related to those related to Seaport's development plans for its pipeline of neuropsychiatric therapeutics based on the Glyph™ Platform, the potential of the Glyph platform, the broader applicability of the platform, potential benefits to patients, and Seaport's and our future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks, uncertainties and other important factors described under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC and in our other regulatory filings. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the Company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, we disclaim any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260427110954/en/
Contacts
PureTech Public Relationspublicrelations@puretechhealth.com Investor RelationsIR@puretechhealth.com
UK/EU Media Ben Atwell, Rob Winder+44 (0) 20 3727 1000puretech@fticonsulting.com
US Media Justin Chenjchen@tenbridgecommunications.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio