Title: The Coca-Cola Company Selects New Global Chief People Officer
Ticker: KO
Published: 2026-04-14T11:55:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coca-cola-company-selects-global-105500413.html?.tsrc=rss

ATLANTA, April 14, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Coca-Cola Company today announced that Tapaswee Chandele will become global chief people officer, succeeding Lisa Chang, who will step down after a seven-year tenure.
The change takes effect May 1.
Chandele currently serves as senior vice president and executive assistant to President and Chief Financial Officer John Murphy, a role she has held since May 2025. Prior to that, from 2019 to 2025, Chandele was senior vice president of global talent, development and HR system partnerships, responsible for the company’s worldwide talent management strategy. In that role, Chandele was a member of Chang’s leadership team.
Chandele joined Coca-Cola in 2001 in her native India and went on to work in various human resources and talent development roles. She was based in Türkiye and South Africa before moving to the United States in 2017.
Chandele serves on the board of Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages in India.
In addition to her duties for Coca-Cola, Chandele serves on the board of directors for Agnes Scott College in Decatur, Ga.
Chandele earned an MBA in human resources and industrial relations from Symbiosis Institute of Business Management in India. She also earned a Master of Science degree in biochemistry and clinical nutrition from Seth G.S. Medical College and King Edward Memorial Hospital and a Bachelor of Science degree from Sophia College for Women, both in India.
Chandele will report to CEO Henrique Braun.
About Lisa Chang
Chang will stay with the company through the end of 2026 as a senior advisor, and she will also serve on the board of The Coca-Cola Foundation.
Prior to joining Coca-Cola in 2019, Chang served as senior vice president and chief human resources officer for AMB Group LLC in Atlanta, the investment management and shared services arm of The Blank Family of Businesses, including AMB Sports & Entertainment, the Atlanta Falcons, Atlanta United FC and Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
At AMB Group, Chang led HR strategy for all AMB businesses, including the launches of Atlanta United and the 2017 opening of Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
Prior to joining AMB Group in 2014, Chang held senior HR leadership roles at Equifax, Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., and The Weather Channel Companies.
In addition to her board service on The Coca-Cola Foundation, Chang is a member of the board of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and is a past board member of Frontier Communications, Catalyst, Inc., and Coca-Cola Scholars Foundation.
About The Coca-Cola Company
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company’s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Georgia, Fuze Tea, Gold Peak and Ayataka. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, innocent, Del Valle, fairlife and Santa Clara. We’re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people’s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com and follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260414291839/en/
Contacts
Investors and Analysts: Todd Beiger, koinvestorrelations@coca-cola.com Media: Scott Leith, sleith@coca-cola.com