Title: Jim Cramer Notes He is Impressed With “Pepsi’s Dealing With the Travails of Processed Food and the Year of GLP-1”
Ticker: KO
Published: 2026-04-14T16:44:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-notes-impressed-pepsi-154419177.html?.tsrc=rss

PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) is among the stocks on Jim Cramer’s game plan as he shared his take on the market post Iran-U.S. ceasefire talks. Cramer called it the “second-best packaged food” company, as he remarked:
Thursday, we get results from the second-best packaged food company in the world. That’s PepsiCo, second best because Coca-Cola is first. I’ve been impressed by how well Pepsi’s dealing with the travails of processed food and the year of GLP-1 weight loss drugs and healthy diets for young adults. While CEO Ramon Laguarta has had his missteps, like the chips that he made that were too expensive, he’s navigated both soft drinks and Frito-Lay in a way that demonstrates that he’s listening to the customer, thank heavens. Really makes you wonder what the heck the other guys are doing.
ja-san-miguel-xYSp0kkIUio-unsplash
PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) produces, markets, and distributes beverages and convenient foods, including snacks, cereals, dairy, and ready-to-drink products. During the March 12 episode, a caller asked whether it was time to get out of the stock, and Cramer responded:
No… This is at the crux of what I’m talking about. I don’t want people selling good stocks because of short-term concerns. You get a 3.5% yield. You’ve got CEO, Ramon Laguarta who’s doing a terrific job. You’ve got the best food and beverage play. I don’t want you selling.
While we acknowledge the potential of PEP as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.