Title: Here Are the Top Active ETFs Used by Advisors
Date: 2026-04-28 04:02
URL: https://www.thedailyupside.com/advisor/investing-strategies/here-are-the-top-active-etfs-used-by-advisors/?.tsrc=rss

JPMorgan issues three of the top five active funds preferred by RIAs. 
Griffin Kelly
griffin@thedailyupside.com
Active ETFs have firmly established themselves as the cool, new kids on the block, with asset managers launching nearly 1,000 products last year alone. While registered investment advisors still rely heavily on passive funds for their low costs and diversification, many are increasingly incorporating active ETFs into portfolios, and a few firms are standing out.
JPMorgan is king, issuing three of the top five active funds preferred among RIAs, and that concentration is reflective of a wider trend across firms. “The list is dominated by relatively few asset managers, indicating that brand familiarity and established advisor relationships remain key drivers of adoption in the active ETF market,” said Rich Donnellan, vice president of marketing at data firm Fintrx.
Active ETF adoption has surged, especially among independent RIAs. In early 2021, these advisors held about $28 billion in active ETFs. By the end of last year, that figure had climbed to nearly $400 billion, according to Fintrx.
The types of strategies advisors favor help explain that growth. RIAs tend to gravitate toward active ETFs focused on income generation, cash management and tax-efficient core exposures. These align with ongoing client demand for yield, liquidity and diversified long-term portfolios. Fintrx data shared with Advisor Upside showed that the top five most popular active ETFs among all RIAs, include:
Not So Fast. Active ETFs may be gaining ground with RIAs, but plenty of advisors still remain cautious as the funds tend to underperform their passive counterparts over long periods. “We do use active ETFs, but very selectively,” said Sean Beznicki, director of investments at VLP Financial Advisors. “We’re not going out and ‘shopping’ the ETF universe from scratch.” His firm typically allocates to ETF share classes built from mutual funds it’s already vetted and used for years. “It gives us a bit more confidence sticking with what’s familiar, while still picking up the added benefits of the ETF structure,” he told Advisor Upside.
Real-asset investments can offer new opportunities, but they don’t act like traditional stocks and bonds. 
Higher income from trading and assets under management helped the big firms’ profits soar during the first quarter. 
With so much enthusiasm for assets linked to the ever-expanding cosmos, it may be time for advisors to reach for the stars. 
Structured notes can help current and near-retirees that need ongoing growth, but they can’t afford high levels of risk. 
The new product is the firm’s latest bet on the generative computing sector, after launching the flagship IVES fund in June.  
A new study finds inherited wealth is unlike any other windfall, being tied so closely to death. 
Vanguard’s first target-maturity ETFs designed for bond ladders launched today, while there are a number of new BulletShares ETFs slated for Invesco’s lineup. 
HSAs are lauded for their triple-tax benefits, and can be useful for wealthy clients, even if they don’t do much to improve American health care. 
The majority will provide liquidity to early shareholders instead of going directly to GeoWealth’s balance sheet.  
Advisors see some buy-the-dip potential, many are taking a measured approach, weighing the asset class’ illiquidity and performance. 
Financial professionals are recommending staying in high quality products to help ride out any potential volatility. 
We obsess over picking the right stocks, but routinely ignore the broader economic reality. 
© 2026 The Daily Upside