Title: JPMorganChase Named First-Ever Global Banking Partner of the Olympic Games
Date: 2026-04-28 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/jpmorganchase-named-first-ever-global-130000906.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
International Olympic Committee and JPMorganChase Announce Landmark Global Olympic Partnership
NEW YORK, April 28, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and JPMorganChase today announced a landmark Worldwide Olympic Partnership, making JPMorganChase the first Global Banking Partner in Olympic history. The partnership includes the Los Angeles 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games (LA28 Games) and the French Alps 2030 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. The firm has also reached an agreement with LA28 to become the Official Bank of Team USA and LA28, and a Founding Partner of the LA28 Games.
The partnership reflects a shared commitment to ambition and excellence, and places athletes and communities at its core.
Kirsty Coventry, President of the IOC, commented: "JPMorganChase is the first Global Partner from the banking sector in Olympic history, and we are proud to welcome them to the Worldwide Olympic Partner programme. This partnership reflects our shared values of ambition, excellence and will support the Olympic Movement and sport around the world. JPMorganChase’s global reach and expertise will deliver lasting support for athletes and help create a lasting impact in communities worldwide."
Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorganChase, added: "We are honored to be a Worldwide Partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games, supporting athletes, fans, businesses and communities around the globe. Olympians and Paralympians are more than athletes—they are our customers, clients and employees, and their dreams extend beyond the Games. We bank the communities they call home, finance the facilities where they train, help them start businesses and plan for their futures. Their journeys reflect the aspirations of millions we serve every day, and we’re excited to support them."
With operations in over 60 countries and clients in more than 100 markets, JPMorganChase brings unmatched expertise and resources to help create economic growth and opportunity for customers, employees and communities worldwide.
For over 135 years, JPMorganChase has helped create economic opportunity in Los Angeles—creating jobs, supporting businesses and helping families thrive. In LA, the firm serves 5 million consumer banking clients and 589,000 small business clients through more than 6,000 employees and more than 330 retail branches. In France, where the firm has operated since 1868, JPMorganChase has more than 1,000 employees, and since 2018, it has committed $100 million in new business and philanthropic investments to connect individuals and entrepreneurs to economic opportunities. Over the last five years, JPMorganChase has also provided over €147 billion in credit and capital to more than 670 investment clients across the country.
Through this partnership, JPMorganChase will strengthen the Olympic and Paralympic Movements’ long-term financial health and create new opportunities for athletes, businesses and communities to thrive. JPMorganChase and the IOC will holistically support athletes, including plans to host financial health workshops for them through the IOC’s Athlete365 platform. These initiatives and other local investments in host cities will help ensure the Olympic Movement leaves a lasting legacy beyond the Games.
JPMorganChase becomes the Worldwide Olympic Partner in the Asset and Wealth Management and Private Banking, Commercial and Investment Banking category. In the U.S., the firm will be a Founding Partner of the LA28 Games in the Retail Banking category. Consistent with the IOC’s approach, revenues generated through the partnership will be redistributed to support sports organisations globally—including National Olympic Committees and their athletes, as well as Organising Committees for the Olympic and Youth Olympic Games.
About JPMorganChaseJPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America ("U.S."), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.9 trillion in assets and $364 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2026. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
About the International Olympic CommitteeThe International Olympic Committee is a not-for-profit, civil, non-governmental, international organization made up of volunteers, committed to building a better world through sport. It redistributes more than 90% of its income to the wider sporting movement, meaning that every day the equivalent of USD 4.7 million goes to help athletes and sports organizations at all levels around the world.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260428968839/en/
Contacts
Shelby Asheshelby.ashe@jpmchase.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio