Title: JPMorganChase Becomes Official Bank of Team USA and LA28 Olympic and Paralympic Games
Date: 2026-04-28 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/jpmorganchase-becomes-official-bank-team-130000896.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
As America celebrates its 250th anniversary, the firm's new partnership will support Team USA athletes and help create economic and community impact in Los Angeles and across the United States
JPMorganChase to support NBCUniversal’s multi-platform coverage of the LA28 Games
NEW YORK & LOS ANGELES, April 28, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As America celebrates its 250th anniversary, JPMorganChase announced today it is the Official Bank of Team USA and the LA28 Olympic and Paralympic Games (LA28 Games), and a Founding Partner of the LA28 Games. This partnership reflects a shared commitment to championing athletes, expanding opportunity and creating a lasting legacy for communities in Los Angeles and across the United States.
"Team USA represents the very best of our country: resilience, excellence and the belief that sport can unite and inspire communities across the nation," said Sarah Hirshland, CEO, U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee (USOPC). "Partnerships like this with JPMorganChase strengthen the foundation that allows our athletes to pursue greatness while advancing the broader Olympic and Paralympic Movement in the United States. As we look to the LA28 Games, we are committed not only to delivering extraordinary Games, but also to expanding opportunity and supporting athletes on and off the field. We are grateful for partners who share that vision and are investing in the future of Team USA."
"As the Official Bank of Team USA and LA28, and a Founding Partner of the LA28 Games, we're excited to support and celebrate the world’s greatest athletes, and to help welcome the world to Los Angeles in 2028," said Jennifer Roberts, CEO of Chase Consumer Banking, JPMorganChase. "This partnership is a continuation of our centuries-long history of investing in and supporting the dreams of America’s people, businesses and communities. Our unmatched scale, resources and expertise will help ensure the benefits of the LA28 Games extend far beyond the Closing Ceremony, for generations to come."
"The LA28 Games are about championing athletes, expanding opportunity, and leaving a legacy that endures long after 2028," said Reynold Hoover, CEO, LA28. "JPMorganChase shares that vision, and we’re grateful for their collaboration as a Founding Partner committed to athletes, Angelenos and the future of our communities. Together, we’re building an LA28 Games that rise to the scale of Los Angeles and redefine what the Olympic and Paralympic Movement can achieve."
In addition to being a Founding Partner of the LA28 Games in the Retail Banking category, JPMorganChase is joining as a Worldwide Olympic Partner and will be the first Global Banking Partner in Olympic history.
Investing in the U.S. and Los Angeles
JPMorganChase has been investing in America for 227 years. The firm’s support for Team USA and the LA28 Games reaffirms its longstanding commitment to create economic growth and opportunity across the United States, including in the Los Angeles region.
In the U.S., JPMorganChase serves more than 86 million consumers and 7.4 million small businesses with a broad range of financial services at more than 5,000 branches in 48 states and the District of Columbia. The firm also invests in communities, larger companies, schools, hospitals and other local institutions across the country.
In greater Los Angeles, the firm serves more than 5 million customers and 589,000 small business clients through more than 330 branches and 6,000 employees, and has demonstrated a deep commitment to the region’s growth, including investments in affordable housing, wildfire recovery and the entertainment industry.
JPMorganChase will support the LA28 Games by creating opportunities for athletes, empowering local businesses and investing in local communities. This includes plans to host financial health workshops at branches and other locations to help athletes plan for their financial futures beyond the LA28 Games.
Partnering with NBCUniversal
In addition to championing growth, opportunity and achievement, JPMorganChase will invest in technology and innovation through a new partnership with NBCUniversal to support the company’s multi-platform coverage of the LA28 Games. Together, JPMorganChase and NBCUniversal will highlight athlete journeys and the competitions of the LA28 Games in new and exciting ways.
"LA28 represents one of the most powerful stages in sports, posing a once‑in‑a‑generation opportunity—and partnering with JPMorganChase ensures we bring the games to viewers with unmatched scale, innovation, and purpose," said Mark Marshall, Chairman, Global Advertising & Partnerships, NBCUniversal. "JPMorganChase’s leadership across banking, community impact and global sport makes them an essential partner and together, we’ll deliver a multi‑platform storytelling experience that elevates the Games and inspires viewers."
ABOUT LA28 OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC GAMESLA28 will bring the Olympic and Paralympic Games to Los Angeles in 2028, uniting more than 15,000 of the world's greatest athletes in a celebration of sport, culture, and human potential. Set against a diverse collection of venues only Southern California can deliver, from the Pacific Ocean to Hollywood stages to world-class arenas, Los Angeles will become the third city ever to host three Olympic Games, following 1932 and 1984, and will also host its first ever Paralympic Games. The LA28 Games will celebrate historic milestones including becoming the first Olympic Games in history to feature more women athletes than men, the debut of new Olympic and Paralympic sports, and becoming the first Games since 1948 to not build any new permanent infrastructure. Operating as an independently funded, non-profit organization, LA28 has built a strong foundation of successful commercial partnerships alongside licensing, hospitality, ticketing, and with the support of the International Olympic Committee.
ABOUT JPMORGANCHASEJPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America ("U.S."), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.9 trillion in assets and $364 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2026. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
ABOUT TEAM USATeam USA is the world’s largest and most diverse team of athletes from across the United States who compete at the Olympic, Paralympic, Youth Olympic, Pan American and Parapan American Games. The United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee, founded in 1894, serves as the National Olympic Committee and National Paralympic Committee for the United States and is responsible for protecting, supporting and empowering Team USA athletes. For more information, visit TeamUSA.org.
ABOUT NBCUNIVERSALNBCUniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies. We create world-class content, which we distribute across our portfolio of film, television, and streaming, and bring to life through our global theme park destinations, consumer products, and experiences. We own and operate leading entertainment and news brands, including NBC, NBC News, NBC Sports, Telemundo, NBC Local Stations, Bravo, and Peacock, our premium ad-supported streaming service. We produce and distribute premier filmed entertainment and programming through our powerhouse film and television studios, including Universal Pictures, DreamWorks Animation, and Focus Features, and the four global television studios under the Universal Studio Group banner, and operate industry-leading theme parks and experiences around the world through Universal Destinations & Experiences, including Universal Orlando Resort, home to Universal Epic Universe, and Universal Studios Hollywood. NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation. Visit www.nbcuniversal.com for more information.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260428647270/en/
Contacts
Shelby Asheshelby.ashe@jpmchase.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio