Title: Bayer Gets Mixed Reception at Supreme Court on Roundup Suits
Date: 2026-04-28 07:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bayer-gets-mixed-reception-supreme-180609169.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- The US Supreme Court gave Bayer AG a mixed reception on its bid to stop tens of thousands of lawsuits claiming its Roundup herbicide should have been labeled as a cancer risk.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The $1 Million Retirement Myth: Here’s What to Save Instead
Hearing arguments in Washington Monday, the justices weighed a $1.25 million jury verdict won by a Missouri man who blamed Roundup for his non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The company contends that since US regulators didn’t require a cancer warning, federal law bars the Missouri suit and others like it.
Bayer drew supportive comments from Justice Brett Kavanaugh, who questioned whether lawsuits alleging a failure to warn could be squared with a provision in federal law requiring “uniformity” in herbicide labels. But Chief Justice John Roberts suggested that states considering new evidence that a product is risky should be allowed to “call this danger to the attention of the people.”
Bayer shares slumped as much as 6.5% in early trading Tuesday in Frankfurt. The stock had gained 67% over the past year through Monday’s close on optimism about containing the Roundup fallout and progress in its pharmaceutical pipeline.
Bank of America Corp. analysts including Sachin Jain said the hearing was less clear cut in Bayer’s favor than expected. They cited feedback from a call with a legal expert, who still expects the ruling to favor Bayer with 70% probability.
“For Bayer, everything is at stake,” said Markus Manns, portfolio manager at Frankfurt-based asset manager Union Investment, a Bayer investor. “Without a victory before the Supreme Court, the settlement with the plaintiffs offers no reliable protection against future lawsuits.”
Bayer is looking to put an end to litigation that has cost the company more than $10 billion and depressed its stock price. A ruling favoring the German company could also help the medical-device, cosmetic and food industries, which are governed by laws similar to the one at the center of the Bayer case. The court will rule by early July.
Bayer contends that federal law supersedes, or “preempts,” traditional state-law claims for failure to warn. The case centers on the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, which sets out rules for pesticides including the requirement of an adequate label. FIFRA, as the law is known, also says that states can’t impose additional mandates.
Bayer says the latter provision means that once the Environmental Protection Agency approved Roundup’s mandatory label without requiring a cancer warning, the company can’t be sued for not having one. The company, which has the Trump administration’s backing in the case, has steadfastly maintained Roundup is safe and doesn’t cause cancer.
Lawyers for the plaintiff, John Durnell, say EPA’s determinations don’t preclude state courts from making their own judgments about the need for a warning.
Cutting Across
The questioning Monday cut across the usual ideological lines. The Republican-appointed Roberts questioned the notion that states worried about cancer risks should have to wait for the EPA to decide whether to require a label change.
“If it turns out that they were right, it might have been good if they had an opportunity to do something to call this danger to the attention of the people while the federal government was going through its process,” Roberts said.
But liberal Justice Elena Kagan suggested that EPA’s judgment shouldn’t be overridden lightly. She said Congress entrusted EPA with the duty of evaluating the costs and benefits of warning labels and reassessing its decisions in light of new information.
“There just seems like a lot of stuff that the EPA does and is told by Congress to do to ensure the appropriateness of a particular pesticide,” Kagan said.
Kagan also said the preemption provision was “clearly designed to achieve uniformity in labeling.” When Durnell’s lawyer, Ashley Keller, said lawsuits wouldn’t undercut that uniformity, he drew pushback from Kavanaugh.
“The label’s illegal in one state and legal in another state,” Kavanaugh said. “That’s uniformity?”
Keller told the justices that lawsuits were an important supplement to EPA requirements because “things slip through the cracks with that agency.”
Bayer’s lawyer, Paul Clement, argued that allowing lawsuits “would open the door for crippling liability and undermine the interest of farmers who depend on federally registered pesticides for their livelihood.”
Bayer said in a statement Tuesday that a favorable ruling “would provide essential regulatory clarity for companies that seek to bring currently approved and new products to market, addressing their ability to serve US farmers and consumers.”
MAHA Demonstrators
President Donald Trump has embraced glyphosate, the active ingredient in Roundup, moving in February to ramp up domestic production. The administration’s stance has angered many members of the Make America Healthy Again movement, who have pushed to get glyphosate out of the food system.
About 200 demonstrators gathered near the front steps of the Supreme Court Monday morning to voice their opposition to glyphosate and the prospect of legal protections for Bayer.
“You cannot tell Americans to eat real food while protecting the cancer-causing chemicals sprayed on it,” said Vani Hari, known as the Food Babe, referring to Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.’s “Eat Real Food” push, which accompanied an overhauled dietary guidelines this year. She added that “we wouldn’t be here right now if President Trump didn’t sign that executive order.”
Other protesters held signs proclaiming “No Immunity for Poison” and “Farmers and Families Deserve Better than Poison” at the rally.
Various farm, business and nonprofit groups filed briefs in support of Bayer, arguing that a uniform standard is better than a patchwork of state rules.
Durnell’s supporters include consumer and food-safety advocates who say the EPA review process is inadequate because of loopholes, data gaps and corporate influence over the agency.
Bayer recently reserved $11.25 billion (€9.6 billion) to deal with as many as 65,000 outstanding suits, according to the company’s securities filings.
Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Holly Froum estimated in a note that about $787 million in existing Roundup verdicts could be affected by the Supreme Court case and, if the justices rule for Bayer, “it would eliminate plaintiffs’ strongest claim.”
The case is Monsanto v. Durnell, 24-1068.
--With assistance from Sonja Wind, Jef Feeley, Kristina Peterson, Joe Easton and Iain Rogers.
(Updates with analyst comment, shares starting in fourth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
FanDuel Is Playing Catch-Up on Prediction Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio