Title: Subway enters value wars with menu priced under $5
Date: 2026-04-28 10:57
URL: https://www.restaurantdive.com/news/subway-launches-fresh-value-menu-under-five-dollars/818661/?.tsrc=rss

Let Restaurant Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The sandwich chain’s Fresh Value Menu offers 15 items and joins McDonald’s and Taco Bell in targeting specific pricing to help drive traffic and improve affordability.
While this is Subway’s first value menu, it has attempted to offer steeply discounted sandwiches in the past often with pushback from franchises. 
In 2008, it offered $5 footlongs that led to an uptick in traffic and revenue, but faced significant backlash from franchises who struggled with rising costs. Subway attempted to bring back the promotion in early 2020, but franchisees filed complaints with the Federal Trade Commission saying they were bullied into supporting the promotion even though it doesn’t make money. 
Earlier this year, franchisees pushed back again after Subway brought back its Sub Club that included a free footlong sandwich after purchasing three footlongs. On April 1, the rewards program was revised to instead offer a $2 reward for every 400 accumulated points.  
At the same time, Subway has had success with lower-priced items. In 2024, it added a Sidekicks menu to offer low-priced snack items, selling 3.5 million Sidekick items within the first two weeks of launch. Later that year it added Footlong Dippers wrapped in lavash bread for $3.
Subway’s Fresh Value Menu includes a mix of old and new items that could help drive trial. Its Protein Pockets are a new grab-and-go option that launched earlier this year, offering over 20 grams of protein mixed with vegetables in a tortilla wrap. The flavors available are Baja Chicken, Peppercorn Ranch Chicken, Italian Trio and Turkey Ham. Under the Deli Faves category, it offers a new Spicy Pepperoni sandwich and a new Ham and Salami sandwich alongside its existing B.L.T. and Cold Cut Combo. 
Other chains have used value menus to help bring back lapsed consumers, particularly low-income cohorts. McDonald’s saw an uptick in foot traffic with this demographic in December along with improvements in its value and affordability scores. Taco Bell, long-known for its value offerings and new menu items, has had a long streak of same-store sales growth even as other chains have slipped.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The union’s proposals often focus on specific changes to systems workers interact with all day, every day, including equipment and mobile ordering.
Brands like Chipotle, McDonald’s and Starbucks are walking a tightrope — charge enough to protect the bottom line without alienating customers.
Subscribe to Restaurant Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The union’s proposals often focus on specific changes to systems workers interact with all day, every day, including equipment and mobile ordering.
Brands like Chipotle, McDonald’s and Starbucks are walking a tightrope — charge enough to protect the bottom line without alienating customers.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines