Title: Armata Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Biopharmaceutical Commercial Executive Daniel B. Gil
Date: 2026-04-27 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/armata-pharmaceuticals-announces-appointment-biopharmaceutical-110000919.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
LOS ANGELES, April 27, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Armata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE American: ARMP) ("Armata" or the "Company"), a late clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of high-purity, pathogen-specific bacteriophage therapeutics for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant and difficult-to-treat bacterial infections, today announced that Daniel B. Gilmer, Ph.D. has joined the Company's Board of Directors, effective April 24, 2026. Dr. Gilmer has served as Senior Director, Commercial Quality U.S. Team Lead at Pfizer Inc. ("Pfizer") since February 2025.
"I am pleased to welcome Daniel to our Board and look forward to leveraging his many years of experience spanning scientific discovery, commercial strategy, and patient access," stated Robin C. Kramer, Chair of Armata's Board of Directors. "Daniel has discovered and helped advance first-in-class anti-infective candidates and has played pivotal roles in the launch and commercialization of breakthrough therapies and diagnostics, including leading the U.S. launch of PAXLOVIDTM. His perspectives on antimicrobial resistance, diagnostics, and access to innovation will be invaluable as we continue to advance our phage-based pipeline to commercialization."
"I am very excited to join Armata's Board and work alongside my fellow Directors and the leadership team to help the Company achieve its clinical and commercial goals," stated Dr. Gilmer. "Armata is developing precisely targeted bacteriophage therapeutics that have the potential to address the growing global crisis of antibiotic resistance. I look forward to contributing my experience in launching innovative anti-infectives and access-oriented initiatives to support this mission."
Daniel B. Gilmer, Ph.D. is an accomplished healthcare executive. At Pfizer, he leads an organization responsible for quality and promotional review across 50+ U.S. brands. His team works closely with medical, legal, and regulatory subject matter experts to advise commercial stakeholders on content quality, compliance, and risk-benefit balance. Previously, from April 2022 to February 2025, Dr. Gilmer led cross-functional teams in Pfizer's Antiviral and Diagnostics Business, where he launched PAXLOVIDTM in the United States as it received New Drug Approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA"). Earlier at Pfizer, from April 2021 to April 2022, Dr. Gilmer worked in Inflammation & Immunology Commercial Development, where he helped shape strategy for a portfolio of rheumatology and immunology assets. Dr. Gilmer joined Pfizer in Research & Development in May 2019, where he contributed to Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine-enabling operating model and R&D portfolio strategy.
Dr. Gilmer is an equal co-inventor on the patent for Exebacase (also termed "CF-301" or "PlySs2"), a first-in-class Streptococcus bacteriophage lysin. Exebacase received Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations from the FDA before advancing to Phase 3 clinical trials. Dr. Gilmer has authored multiple peer-reviewed publications on phage lysins and antimicrobial resistance. Prior to joining Pfizer, Dr. Gilmer worked at McKinsey & Co. focusing on commercial growth strategies, market access, and lean manufacturing in the United States, Canada, and France. Earlier in his career, he conducted microbiology and infectious disease research at leading academic institutions and the National Institutes of Health.
He has a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Rockefeller University (RU) and a B.S. from Howard University. As an RU alum, he serves on both the RU Board of Trustees Educational Affairs Committee and the RU Ford Center Incubator selection committee. He is a member of the New York Academy of Sciences and a term member at the Council on Foreign Relations.
About Armata Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Armata is a late clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of high-purity pathogen-specific bacteriophage therapeutics for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant and difficult-to-treat bacterial infections using its proprietary bacteriophage-based technology. Armata is developing and advancing a broad pipeline of natural and synthetic phage candidates, including clinical candidates for Pseudomonas aeruginosa, S. aureus, and other important pathogens. Armata is committed to advancing phage therapy with drug development expertise that spans bench to clinic including in-house phage-specific current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP") manufacturing to support full commercialization.
Forward Looking StatementsThis communication contains "forward-looking" statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events, results or to Armata's future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause Armata's actual results, performance or events to be materially different from any future results, performance or events expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by terms such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would" or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect management's beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this communication and are subject to risks and uncertainties including risks related to Armata's development of bacteriophage-based therapies; Armata's planned clinical trials; ability to staff and maintain its production facilities under fully compliant cGMP; ability to meet anticipated milestones in the development and testing of the relevant product; ability to be a leader in the development of phage-based therapeutics; ability to achieve its vision, including improvements through engineering and success of clinical trials; ability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development of, and obtain regulatory approval of its product candidates and commercialize any approved products on its expected timeframes or at all; and Armata's estimates regarding anticipated operating losses, capital requirements and needs for additional funds. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to Armata and its business can be found under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in Armata's filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including in Armata's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2026, and in its subsequent filings with the SEC.
Armata expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Armata's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.
Media Contacts:
At Armata:
Pierre Kymeir@armatapharma.com310-665-2928
Investor Relations:
Joyce AllaireLifeSci Advisors, LLCjallaire@lifesciadvisors.com212-915-2569
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/armata-pharmaceuticals-announces-appointment-of-biopharmaceutical-commercial-executive-daniel-b-gilmer-phd-to-its-board-of-directors-302753455.html
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio