Title: Moderna Gears Up to Report Q1 Earnings_ Here's What to Expect
Date: 2026-04-28 12:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/moderna-gears-report-q1-earnings-121200651.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Moderna MRNA is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 results on May 1, before the opening bell. The company’s earnings beat estimates by 18.85% in the last reported quarter.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for sales is pegged at $223.5 million, while that for earnings is pinned at a loss of $2.29 per share. Both metrics indicate improvement over the year-ago period.
Moderna is likely to have reported product sales in the quarter from three marketed products — two COVID-19 vaccines (Spikevax and mNexspike) and an RSV vaccine (mResvia). A significant portion of product sales is expected to have come from the COVID-19 vaccines.
We expect minimal product sales of the company's RSV vaccine, mResvia. This softer outlook is likely due to stiff competition and the strong foothold of the competing RSV vaccines marketed by GSK and Pfizer.
Earlier this month, Moderna secured approval in the EU for mCombriax (mRNA-1083), the first combination vaccine for active immunization against COVID-19 and influenza. This marks the fourth marketed product in the company’s portfolio. Investors will likely seek updates on commercialization plans for this vaccine, as well as Moderna’s timeline for FDA resubmission.
The initial filing for mCombriax was voluntarily withdrawn last year after the agency requested additional efficacy data for the flu component. This issue was addressed with positive late-stage data announced in June 2025, where the company’s standalone flu shot, mRNA-1010, demonstrated superior efficacy compared with GSK’s approved influenza vaccine. mCombriax integrates mNexspike with mRNA-1010.
Moderna is developing more than 30 mRNA-based investigational candidates across different stages of clinical studies, targeting various indications, including cancer. Investors will likely focus on updates surrounding pipeline development.
An important candidate in Moderna’s pipeline is intismeran autogene, a personalized cancer therapy, which is being developed in collaboration with Merck MRK. The companies are already evaluating this therapy in three pivotal phase III studies — one in melanoma and two in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Moderna and Merck are also studying the therapy across various mid-stage studies for other cancer indications, such as bladder cancer and renal carcinoma. Investors will likely seek updates from management on the progress of this MRK-partnered therapy.
The firm’s performance has been impressive over the past four quarters. Its earnings beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 34.40%.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderna, Inc. price-eps-surprise | Moderna, Inc. Quote
Year to date, Moderna’sshares have rallied 65% againstthe industry’s 1% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Our proven model does not predict an earnings beat for Moderna this time around. The combinationofa positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. This is not the case here, as you will see below. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Earnings ESP: Moderna has an Earnings ESP of -25.75%. The Most Accurate Estimate stands at a loss of $2.87 per share, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged at a loss of $2.29.
Zacks Rank: MRNA currently carries a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Here are some drug/biotech stocks that have the right combination of elements to beat on earnings this time around:
Agenus AGEN has an Earnings ESP of +7.69% and a Zacks Rank #1 at present.
Shares of AGEN have risen 30% year to date. The company’s earnings beat estimates in two of the trailing four quarters, while missing the mark on the other two occasions. Agenus delivered an average surprise of 31.42%.
Inovio Pharmaceuticals INO has an Earnings ESP of +3.33% and a Zacks Rank #2 at present.
Shares of INO have lost 33% year to date. The company’s earnings beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 57.94%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Agenus Inc. (AGEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio