Title: 2 High-Yielding Dividend Stocks to Buy for Passive Income in April
Date: 2026-04-28 23:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/2-high-yielding-dividend-stocks-to-buy-for-passive/?.tsrc=rss

It's still time to pick up their shares on the dip.
April has been a fairly volatile month for equities, and things may not settle down soon. Inflation is rising, and some experts are increasingly warning of a potential recession. In this environment, it helps to invest in dividend stocks. The passive income they provide can help smooth out market losses in case the recent economic and geopolitical challenges lead to a market crash. Even if that doesn't happen, reinvesting dividends is a great way to boost long-term returns. With that in mind, let's consider two high-yielding dividend stocks to consider this April: Pfizer (PFE 1.16%) and Medical Properties Trust (MPT +0.78%). 
Image source: Getty Images.
Pfizer boasts a juicy forward dividend yield of 6.4%. But between poor financial results and stiff competition in some areas, is it sustainable? In my view, it is. One of Pfizer's strengths is its deep portfolio of approved medicines. Even putting aside minor drugs or vaccines that make little revenue and don't meaningfully move the needle for the company, Pfizer had several drugs that generated over $1 billion in sales last year. 
True, some of these will lose patent exclusivity soon. That's the case with Pfizer's anticoagulant, Eliquis. The company's coronavirus franchise is also not on solid footing. However, newer products will help it move beyond those issues. Pfizer's Abrysvo, a vaccine for the respiratory syncytial virus, was first approved in 2023. Last year, it generated about $1 billion in sales, up 37% year over year.
Elrexfio, a cancer drug approved in 2023, is also making progress. Last year, its revenue totaled $304 million, up from $103 million in 2024.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Pfizer's current crop of newer medicines likely won't be enough to replace older ones whose sales are already dropping or will start to decline in the next few years. But the company's rich pipeline will help address that problem. Pfizer has started plenty of phase 3 studies over the past couple of years, with more on the horizon.
The company should make significant clinical and regulatory progress through 2030. By then, Pfizer could have a much rejuvenated portfolio of approved medicines and much better financial results. The company hasn't cut its dividend despite the troubles it has encountered, and it is unlikely to do so soon, making it an attractive blue chip dividend stock. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Medical Properties Trust (MPT) is a healthcare-focused real estate investment trust (REIT). Over the past few years, the company has faced challenges, including some of its tenants defaulting on rent and going bankrupt. MPT made difficult but necessary decisions to deal with these issues. The company cut its dividend -- twice -- and sold some assets.
It also put new tenants in the facilities occupied by some of its older ones that went bankrupt. MPT emerged from this ordeal a more diversified company whose business is less likely to suffer significantly from the misfortunes of one or two tenants.
However, investors might still wonder whether the company's monster forward yield of 7% is safe, especially given the uncertain economic landscape we face. My view is that it is. Any REIT can face tenant rent defaults -- as MPT did -- but medical-focused REITs are arguably safer than many others, since healthcare is a defensive sector. MPT is unlikely to encounter the same challenges anytime soon. As evidence of the company's confidence in the recovery of its underlying business and its willingness to reward shareholders, MPT announced last year that it would increase its dividend.
MPT's rebound isn't complete. The stock is still down significantly over the past three years. However, the REIT is well-positioned to perform well over the long run as its business stabilizes. MPT is an attractive, high-yielding dividend stock for long-term income seekers. 

 


Before you buy stock in Pfizer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Pfizer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Prosper Junior Bakiny has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends