Title: BP Profit Jumps as Oil Trading Boomed During Iran War
Date: 2026-04-28 11:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/bp-profit-jumps-oil-trading-082414524.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- BP Plc’s posted earnings that far exceeded analyst expectations in the first quarter, as energy market turmoil caused by the Iran war led to a surge in profits from its oil trading operation.
Most Read from Bloomberg
UAE to Leave OPEC in May as Iran War Reshapes Oil Market
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
Adjusted net income more than doubled from a year earlier to $3.2 billion, helped by a boost in profits from trading and refining, according to an earnings statement Tuesday. However, net debt increased during the quarter, while analysts pointed to weak cash flow generation as a concern.
The jump in profit — the first presented by new Chief Executive Officer Meg O’Neill — hands her a tailwind as she confronts the need to repair the balance sheet, streamline BP’s structure and shed low-returning assets.
Disruption from the war in Iran has created huge dislocations across energy markets, sending physical premiums surging for crude and fuels and creating the type of conditions that commodity traders typically thrive on. Vitol Group and Trafigura Group, the biggest independent oil traders, reaped bumper profits in the first three months of this year.
BP’s sprawling in-house trading team handles cargoes from its own assets as well as third parties around the world, and the oil major had already signposted that its performance in the quarter was “exceptional.” Brent oil futures rose 43% in March, the first full month of the conflict.
“A solid result for Meg’s maiden set of numbers, clearly supported by an extremely volatile but supportive macro environment,” RBC Capital Markets analyst Biraj Borkhataria wrote in a note. Her priorities “are clearly laid out and pretty straightforward — pay down the debt, get the house in order and put the company on firmer footing.”
Just weeks into the job, O’Neill is already restructuring BP by moving to a traditional upstream-downstream model, with one division focusing on exploration and production and another on refining and trading. The simplification had been a demand from activist investor Elliott Investment Management and others.
BP suspended its share buyback program in February to clear the decks for the incoming CEO, and that was maintained. Instead, the London-based company will cut its perpetual hybrid bond stack by $4.3 billion to about $9 billion by the end of 2027, redeeming the bonds this year and next without replacement.
The focus will remain on strengthening the balance sheet, O’Neill and Chief Financial Officer Kate Thomson said in a phone interview. The windfall from strong results will go toward debt reduction rather than shareholder returns, she said.
“Excess cash is going to the balance sheet,” Thomson said. “Buybacks ultimately will remain a tool as and when appropriate, but for now we need to build back our balance sheet.”
Net debt rose in the quarter as the same price surge that lifted profits forced BP to tie up cash in unsold crude and longer shipping routes. Cash flow from operations was little changed from a year earlier, as much of the trading windfall has yet to actually hit BP’s balance sheet.
BP raised its structural cost-reduction target by up to $1 billion, now aiming to slash as much as $7.5 billion by the end of 2027, supported by the planned sale of its Gelsenkirchen refinery in Germany.
BP shares rose more than 3% in London trading on Tuesday.
They are up more than 30% this year, lagging only TotalEnergies SE, which also has a large global trading operation. Exxon Mobil Corp. was hit hard by the Middle East conflict, while Chevron Corp. faced a fire at its giant Tengiz operation in Kazakhstan. The three companies report earnings later this week while Shell Plc reports next week.
BP’s net earnings beat — compared with an average analysts’ estimate of $2.6 billion — lands just days after a bruising annual general meeting, where Chairman Albert Manifold drew an 18% protest vote, an unusually large rebuke for board members. Two board-backed resolutions failed to win the 75% support required to pass.
Some investors questioned why the board blocked a shareholder resolution from Dutch activist group Follow This calling for disclosure on how BP would create value in a declining oil-demand scenario.
Follow This founder Mark van Baal said Tuesday that BP’s profit jump isn’t a substitute for a longterm plan.
“Bragging about a windfall is not a strategy. It is a delay, not a direction,” he said in a statement, noting that BP’s quarterly dividend of 8.32 cents remains below its pre-Covid level of 10.5 cents per share.
Still, shareholders widely backed O’Neill at the annual meeting.
She is “showing much-needed focus on the balance sheet and capital discipline,” Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst Will Hares said in a note on Tuesday. But BP will also need to show sustained cash generation this year to close its valuation gap to peers, he added.
Middle East
Oil and gas production held broadly flat at the equivalent of 2.34 million barrels a day in the quarter, with strong output from the Gulf of Mexico and US shale offsetting disruption in the Middle East, where BP has 411,000 barrels of daily production across Iraq, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.
The company didn’t disclose what share is offline but said it has been shipping some of its Abu Dhabi barrels through the Fujairah terminal in the Gulf of Oman to avoid the Strait of Hormuz. Second-quarter upstream output is expected to be lower on seasonal Gulf of Mexico maintenance and continued Middle East disruptions. Overall, BP expects full-year reported upstream production to be lower due to the conflict.
The disruption has meant BP cargoes have taken “different and unusual supply routes,” Thomson said. The company has been moving jet fuel and diesel from refineries in the US and Rotterdam to Australia, “which is where the need was most acute.”
Net debt, excluding hybrid bonds and lease obligations, rose 14% from the end of last year to $25.3 billion. BP said the increase reflects a $6 billion build in working capital due to elevated costs. The company maintained a net debt target range of $14 billion to $18 billion by the end of 2027.
BP’s gearing, the ratio of net debt to equity, rose to 24.7% in the first quarter, up from 23.1% to end 2025.
For O’Neill, the biggest test will be to show the company can continue to deliver when the macro environment isn’t as supportive and oil prices fall.
(Updates with analyst comment in sixth paragraph, CFO comment in 10th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio