Title: Eni Stock Rises 2.83% Post Unlocking 5Tcf Gas Potential in Kutei Basin
Date: 2026-04-27 16:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/eni-stock-rises-2-83-162000571.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Eni S.p.A. E on April 20, 2026 announced a significant gas discovery at the Geliga-1 exploration well in the Kutei Basin, offshore Indonesia. Following the announcement, E shares rose 2.83% to $54.11 per share.
The well, which encountered substantial hydrocarbon resources, is located in the Ganal block, around 70 km off the East Kalimantan coast. The discovery is estimated to contain 5 trillion cubic feet (Tcf) of gas and 300 million barrels of condensate.
The Geliga-1 well was drilled to a depth of about 5,100 meters in a water depth of around 2,000 meters. The well hit a substantial gas column in the targeted Miocene interval, which demonstrated strong petrophysical characteristics. A Drill Stem Test is planned to evaluate the reservoir’s productivity.
The discovery highlights the strong resource potential of the Kutei Basin, following the Geng North discovery in 2023 and the Konta-1 discovery in December 2025. This also reinforces Indonesia’s position as an important emerging hub for natural gas and LNG supply.
The discovery aligns with Eni’s broader strategy of focusing on gas as a transition fuel and concentrating on scalable development areas that can accelerate production while lowering costs.
Eni reported multiple recent exploration successes in the same basin, strengthening the commercial viability of the region. The Geliga find is expected to be integrated into existing and planned infrastructure to reduce costs and time, while supporting domestic energy demand and international LNG exports.
The Geliga discovery is situated next to the 2 Tcf Gula field. The combined fields are expected to yield 1 billion standard cubic feet per day of gas and 80,000 barrels per day of condensate. Together, these assets could support a fast-track third hub in the Kutei Basin using the established North Hub concept.
Through its partnership with Petronas, Eni aims to fast-track development and generate additional cash-flow by integrating its technical expertise and resources.
Overall, the discovery is set to unlock significant gas volumes, supporting regional energy security while enhancing Eni’s long-term growth in the global LNG market.
Eni currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).
Some other top-ranked stocks in the energy sector are Chevron Corporation CVX, Equinor ASA EQNR and BP plc BP. CVX and EQNR each sport a Zacks Rank #1, and BP currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Like Eni, Chevron, Equinor and BP have a strong presence in upstream operations and are enjoying a favorable business environment, as West Texas Intermediate crude prices are trading above $90 per barrel, which is significantly higher than the $60.42 per barrel recorded a year ago, per data from oilprice.com.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eni SpA (E) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Equinor ASA (EQNR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio