Title: Delta Air (DAL) Still Has to Deal With Crunch Despite Having a Great CEO, Says Jim Cramer
Ticker: DAL
Published: 2026-04-16T17:45:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/delta-air-dal-still-deal-164509260.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published Jim Cramer Said Allbirds Management Are "Jokers" & Discussed These 18 Stocks. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Airline giant Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL)’s shares are up by 76% over the past year and by 4.4% year-to-date. The stock closed 6.9% higher on April 14th, which added to the momentum experienced on April 8th when the stock closed 3.8% higher following the firm’s earnings. TD Cowen discussed Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL)’s stock on April 9th. It raised the share price target to $84 from $76 and kept a Buy rating following the earnings report. The financial firm discussed the recent volatility in the fuel market and remarked that the airline’s strong business model could help it during the turmoil as competitors struggle to adjust. In its coverage, Citi adjusted Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL)’s price target to $79 from $77 and kept a Buy rating. The bank commented that the firm maintained its strength across key markets in the first quarter. In his previous comments about the airline, Cramer praised the firm’s CEO, and in this appearance, he added a bit more context:
“Ed Bastion is so good, I heard people saying you know, a last couple of days. . .Ed will be our pillar. And I will come back and say, as great as Ed is, there is still something that they fly on, and that is in short supply.”
While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.