Title: Jet fuel shortage could ground European airlines very soon
Ticker: DAL
Published: 2026-04-16T21:29:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/jet-fuel-shortage-could-ground-european-airlines-very-soon-202944053.html?.tsrc=rss

The Iran war and Middle East escalations continue to have a ripple effect on the global oil trade (CL=F, BZ=F), now hitting Europe's travel industry. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma and Breaking News Reporter Jake Conley join Market Domination to discuss the jet fuel shortage hitting Europe.
Europe has maybe six weeks of jet fuel left, Jake, according to an energy agency head saying. So basically just as we head into the summer.
Jet fuel prices in Europe have jumped significantly. They've jumped in the US, but Europe is much more exposed here. The US gets two and a half percent of its crude oil and refined products from the Persian Gulf.
It's a tiny amount. Europe, that's 10 to 20%. It's a much heavier load. And Breugel's point is,
are we going to get to a point where not only are ticket prices going up, as we've seen in the US, as we've seen in Europe. But do we get to a point where your plane can't leave because there's no oil to get the plane off the ground. There's no jet fuel and he's saying that might not be as far away as we think it would be.
Are you going to be able to get that flight from Frankfurt to Dubai or one of those long-range flights? Can you get from Charles de Gaulle to Los Angeles or do you have to do shorter flights?
The airlines are going to get creative. They have to because what they don't want to do is lose consumers and lose consumer trust over the long term. But at the same time,
they've got to deal with the fact that if there's not jet fuel, you can't fly the plane.
I mean, this is something that we've been hearing from these airline carriers. We saw American, Alaska, Southwest, Alaska Airlines, Southwest, JetBlue, United, Delta, Allegiant. Every single one of those airlines have cut back on their miles here in the US because of the fact that they just simply can't keep up.
That fuel cost is so high. Diesel costs so much for these flights to continue that they've cut back on their miles. Now to see this in Europe where they're even more so impacted. Is this a larger trend? How long does this last? Cuz that was for Q3 of 2026 these companies saying they're going to cut back.
So, where does this ultimately end up? How far down the line does this trickle to?
Well I'll I'll tell you this thing that interests me about this with Europe. Maybe 20, 15 years ago, the US airlines decided to stop hedging jet fuel prices for a lot of reasons.
Basically they won't go buy, lock in long-term prices down the road. They just pay whatever the price is that day. There are legislative reasons, some regulations. The European airlines still hedge prices.
They still buy jet fuel contracts several years out to lock in low prices. If it's getting to the point where they're having to cancel routes, it's not a problem of price. It's because the jet fuel supply literally isn't there.