Title: Stocks making big moves yesterday: Blackstone, Microsoft, Roku, Zscaler, and Axon
Ticker: META
Published: 2026-04-17T03:02:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/stocks-making-big-moves-yesterday-020227450.html?.tsrc=rss

Check out the companies making headlines yesterday:
Blackstone (NYSE:BX): Alternative investment manager Blackstone (NYSE:BX) rose by 3.3% on Wednesday after major banks and asset managers reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed Wall Street expectations. See our full article here.
Is now the time to buy Blackstone? Access our full analysis report here, it's free.
What factors contributed to Roku's 3.1% gain?
What drove Blackstone's 3.3% stock increase yesterday?
Why did Microsoft surge 5.1% on Wednesday?
How did geopolitical developments affect these stock movements?
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT): Technology giant Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) rose by 5.1% on Wednesday after the technology sector rallied, pushing the Nasdaq near all-time highs, as investors cheered a potential de-escalation of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East amid a flurry of positive news in the artificial intelligence space. See our full article here.
Is now the time to buy Microsoft? Access our full analysis report here, it's free.
Roku (NASDAQ:ROKU): Streaming TV platform Roku (NASDAQ: ROKU) rose by 3.1% on Wednesday after sentiment improved following significant moves from heavyweights like Meta Platforms, which extended its partnership with Broadcom to deploy custom AI chips. See our full article here.
Is now the time to buy Roku? Access our full analysis report here, it's free.
Zscaler (NASDAQ:ZS): Cloud security platform Zscaler (NASDAQ:ZS) rose by 6.5% on Wednesday as markets benefited from a "risk-on" sentiment fueled by potential peace negotiations between the U.S. and Iran. See our full article here.
Is now the time to buy Zscaler? Access our full analysis report here, it's free.
Axon (NASDAQ:AXON): Self defense company AXON (NASDAQ:AXON) rose by 5.3% on Wednesday after TD Cowen reiterated its Buy rating on the stock with a price target of $825.00 See our full article here.
Is now the time to buy Axon? Access our full analysis report here, it's free.