Title: Amazon Is About to Report Q1 Earnings. Do Options Traders Expect a Major Move in AMZN Stock_
Date: 2026-04-28 21:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/options/articles/amazon-report-q1-earnings-options-215439287.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
E-commerce and cloud computing giant Amazon (AMZN) is scheduled to announce its first-quarter results after the market closes on Wednesday, April 29. AMZN stock has risen over 29% in the past month, driven by accelerating growth in the company’s AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud unit, a deal with Meta Platforms (META) to power agentic AI on AWS’ Graviton chips, and other strategic partnerships, including a new deal to invest up to $25 billion in Anthropic. According to TipRanks’ Options Tool, options traders expect a move of 4.31% in either direction in AMZN stock in reaction to Q1 2026 earnings.
Unlock  hedge fund-level data  and  powerful investing tools  for smarter, sharper decisions
Discover top-performing stock ideas and upgrade to a portfolio of market leaders with  Smart Investor Picks 
This implied move is lower than Amazon stock’s average post-earnings move (in absolute terms) of 5.88% over the past four quarters.
Meanwhile, Wall Street expects Amazon to report EPS (earnings per share) of $1.63, reflecting 2.5% year-over-year growth. Revenue is projected to rise about 14% to $177.28 billion.
Investors will look forward to management’s updates on AWS momentum, the demand backdrop in the retail and advertising businesses, and the impact of the recent deals.
Heading into Q1 results, UBS analyst Stephen Ju reaffirmed a Buy rating on Amazon stock and raised his price target to $304 from $301 as he updated his valuation assumptions by one quarter and increased his 2027 AWS revenue and capital expenditure estimates. The 5-star analyst made these revisions considering the additional investments and deals the tech giant signed with OpenAI and Anthropic, which are estimated to add about $200 billion to the backlog.
Ju highlighted that his expectations differ most from the Street’s on 2026 AWS growth. Notably, the analyst expects 38% AWS growth in 2026, well above the Street’s forecast of 26%, which then compounds into 2027. As a result, Ju’s 2027 operating income estimate is about 39% higher than the consensus. The analyst continues to believe that the Street’s consensus will move toward his expectations. While shares have strongly rebounded year-to-date, Ju sees further upside as even on a GAAP P/E (price-to-earnings) basis, the stock is trading at 19x his 2027 estimate. Ju doesn’t believe that a premium asset such as Amazon should be trading at a discount to the market multiple.
Meanwhile, Evercore analyst Mark Mahaney reaffirmed a Buy rating on Amazon stock with a price target of $285. The 5-star analyst expects Amazon to surpass Q1 revenue and EPS estimates, but Q2 guidance to be mixed. Specifically, he expects Q2 2026 revenue to meet consensus but operating income to be in line or fall short of the Street’s expectations. He views the Street’s Q1 revenue estimate of $177 billion and operating income forecast of $20.8 billion as “highly reasonable” based on Evercore’s intra-quarter datapoints and model sensitivity analysis.
Furthermore, Mahaney highlighted favorable macro retail data, strong trends observed by research firm Second Measure regarding Amazon’s sales, and positive channel checks across the company’s cloud business and advertising.
Interestingly, TipRanks’ AI Analyst has an Outperform rating on Amazon stock with a price target of $267, indicating 1.14% upside potential. The AI Analyst’s bullish stance is based on improving profitability and scale, as well as favorable earnings-call insights (re-accelerating AWS growth, strong backlog, and ad strength). However, the AI Analyst cautioned about volatile free cash flow amid massive reinvestment, technically overbought conditions, and a premium valuation that reduces margin for error.
Currently, Wall Street has a Strong Buy consensus rating on Amazon stock based on 40 Buys and two Holds. The average AMZN stock price target of $289.05 indicates about 10.7% upside potential.
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio