Title: Is It Safe to Buy UnitedHealth Stock Again_
Date: 2026-04-26 18:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/26/is-it-safe-to-buy-unitedhealth-stock-again/?.tsrc=rss

The company recently posted stellar quarterly results.
Shares of UnitedHealth Group (UNH +3.39%) have been jumping recently after the company posted some impressive quarterly results. For a company that's been on the wrong side of analyst expectations for a while, it's welcome news for frustrated investors, who have experienced significant losses over the past few years.
But investing is based on the long term, and how a company did during its most recent three-month period is not necessarily indicative of where it may be heading in the future. Is it a good idea to invest in UnitedHealth Group today, and has it done enough to prove that it's a safe stock to own?
Image source: Getty Images.
A big problem for health insurance companies in recent years has been rising costs. Utilization rates are up, and that's led to higher-than-typical costs. A key metric for UnitedHealth is the medical benefit ratio, which is how much it pays for medical expenses in relation to the premiums it collects. This past quarter, analysts expected the rate to be at 85.5%, and it came in at 83.9%, which was lower than what it was a year ago -- 84.8%.
The reduced costs enabled UnitedHealth to post better-than-expected profits, as its adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $7.23, well below expectations of $6.57. Its revenue also totaled $111.7 billion, which was higher than the $109.6 billion that Wall Street was estimating. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
The big question, however, is whether UnitedHealth can build off these results and prove that the strong quarter wasn't an anomaly. Poor performances in the past are a big reason why the stock has been an underwhelming buy. Last year, shares of UnitedHealth crashed by 35%.
Although UnitedHealth's recent results were encouraging, investors may still want to tread cautiously here. There are, after all, investigations going on into its billing practices.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa has been particularly worried about the company's Medicare Advantage operations. Based on an investigation he launched, a report found that UnitedHealth has been using "aggressive strategies" to boost risk adjustment scores, which can lead to greater revenue. 
If the government imposes restrictions or tighter regulations that impact the way UnitedHealth conducts its operations, that can have a drastic impact on the business, at a time when its financial position isn't looking as strong as it once was. That's why, while it may be tempting to jump on the bandwagon, I'd take a wait-and-see approach with the healthcare stock, as it still has a long way to go in proving that it's a safe buy.

 


Before you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and UnitedHealth Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends