Title: UHS' Q1 Earnings Beat on Strong Behavioral Health Care Admissions
Date: 2026-04-28 15:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/uhs-q1-earnings-beat-strong-155300432.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Universal Health Services, Inc. UHS reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $5.62, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 6.2%. The bottom line rose 16.1% year over year.
Net revenues of $4.5 billion improved 9.6% year over year. The top line beat the consensus mark by 3%.
The strong quarterly results benefited from strong top-line growth, driven by robust performance in both Acute Care and Behavioral Health segments. Increased adjusted admissions and improved patient days boosted Behavioral Health Care segmental revenues. However, the upside was partly offset by elevated operating costs.
Universal Health Services, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Universal Health Services, Inc. Quote
Adjusted EBITDA, net of NCI, rose 8.4% year over year to $648.3 million, and beat our estimate of $633.2 million.
Total operating costs came in at $4 billion, which escalated 9.5% year over year in the quarter under review due to higher salaries, wages and benefits, supplies and other operating expenses. The metric came higher than our estimate of $3.9 billion.
On a same-facility basis, UHS’ acute care business leaned on stronger unit revenues rather than incremental admissions. Adjusted admissions (adjusted for outpatient activity) remained flat on a same-facility basis in the first quarter. Adjusted patient days rose 0.8% year over year, while net revenue per adjusted admission advanced 6.3%. Net revenues stemming from Universal Health’s acute care services improved 8.2% on a same-facility basis.
Behavioral health care also posted solid same-facility revenue growth, helped by both volume and pricing. Adjusted admissions inched up 1.2% on a same-facility basis. Adjusted patient days rose 1.6%, while net revenue per adjusted patient days advanced 6.2%. Net revenues derived from UHS’ behavioral healthcare services improved 7.3% on a same-facility basis.
Universal Health exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $119 million, which fell from the 2025-end level of $137.8 million. As part of its $1.3 billion revolving credit facility, net of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, there remains an aggregate available borrowing capacity of $373 million at the first-quarter end. Total assets of $15.7 billion increased from the $15.5 billion figure at 2025-end.
Long-term debt amounted to $4 billion, which declined 1.3% from the figure at 2025-end. Current maturities of long-term debt totaled $756.2 million.
Total equity of $7.5 billion advanced from the 2025-end figure of $7.3 billion.
UHS generated cash flows from operations of $401.6 million in the first quarter of 2026, which grew from the prior-year comparable period’s $360 million.
Universal Health bought back shares worth around $127.3 million in the first quarter of 2026. The total remaining authorization available under the buyback program now stands at $1.3 billion.
Management earlier expected net revenues within $18.417-$18.789 billion. The mid-point of the guidance implies 7.1% growth from the 2025 figure of $17.365 billion.
Adjusted EBITDA, net of NCI, was anticipated to be in the range of $2.641-$2.789 billion in 2026, indicating 4.8% growth from the 2025 level of $2.59 billion. EPS was projected in the band of $22.64-$24.52, the mid-point of which suggests 8.5% growth from the 2025 figure of $21.74.
Capital expenditures were expected to be between $950 million and $1.1 billion.
UHS currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Several companies in the Medical space, including Molina Healthcare Inc. MOH, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated UNH and Elevance Health, Inc. ELV, have already reported their financial results for the March quarter of 2026. Here’s how they had performed:
Molina Healthcare reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share of $2.35, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.57. The bottom line declined 61.3% from the year-ago period's level. Revenues amounted to $10.8 billion, which decreased 3.1% year over year. The top line of Molina Healthcare marginally missed the consensus mark by 0.2%. The first-quarter performance was supported by lower medical care costs, partially offset by declining premiums, membership and investment income.
UnitedHealth reported first-quarter 2026 EPS of $7.23, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $6.46. The bottom line rose 0.4% year over year. Revenues rose 2% year over year to $111.7 billion. The top line beat the consensus mark by 2.1%. The strong quarterly earnings were aided by growth in commercial fee-based membership and the strength witnessed in Optum Rx. However, weakness in UnitedHealth’s Optum Health and declining risk-based membership partially offset the positives.
Elevance Health reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share of $12.58, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 17.8%. The bottom line rose 5.1% year over year. Operating revenues advanced 1.5% year over year to $49.5 billion. The top line beat the consensus mark by 3.7%. The strong quarterly results benefited on the back of strong growth in premiums. Segment-wise, the Carelon division posted a robust revenue surge, aided by scaling risk-based services, while Health Benefits saw increased premium yields. However, Elevance Health’s upside was partly offset by a decline in overall medical membership and an elevated expense level.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Molina Healthcare, Inc (MOH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Elevance Health, Inc. (ELV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio