Title: What the S&P 500 might be telling us
Ticker: CVX
Published: 2026-04-16T20:53:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/what-the-sp-500-might-be-telling-us-195358665.html?.tsrc=rss

Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre goes over Thursday's intraday market action, including a check-in on the S&P 500 (^GSPC).
Watch the video above to learn more.
We are still in rally mode just barely. We got all the majors in positive territory. You're going to see the Dow here only up 83 points and it's been kind of a choppy day here. We've been lower, we've been higher. and we've been much higher in the early part of the day. But, if you take a look at the Nasdaq, it's only up two tenths of a percent, but this would be the 12th straight day, the first time that's happened in years. So that is quite the streak we got going on. Also large cap tech uh about to notch its 12th day and the Philly Chip index. So semiconductors still running pretty strong here.
Here's the S&P 500 up a little bit less than the Nasdaq. All three indices seeing a really choppy action today. Russell 2000, same story, just barely below the flat line there. and uh I do want to point out the transports have been on fire again, up 3.6% to another record high. and here's the Philly Semiconductor index. I said they were up 12 days straight. Guess what? That is another record high. It's been something like seven in a row for them.
Meanwhile, we got uh software. We're going to talk about that in a little bit. software is up 1 and a half percent. Before I move on, I want to point out to something I was noticing under the hood in the market. So yesterday the S&P 500, that was uh Wednesday, notched its first record high in several months. Now this chart is of the S&P 500, goes back to it's about two years old. and uh we also have the S&P advanced decline line there. That's in green and what that is, it's a running total of all the stocks that are going up minus the ones that are going down. So
basically it's kind of like a confirmation engine for the S&P 500. Now last year around the April uh liberation day sell off, we saw, it was interesting. market internals peaked first and then they recovered their own high way before the stock index. So that's what market internals did. Here's what the S&P 500 did. peaked afterwards and eventually it confirms. So the keyword there is confirmation. So far, we only have the S&P 500 back up to records and we want to see those market internals that breadth movement so uh signaling participation
we want that to rise. hasn't happened yet. If it doesn't happen and we see the market start to roll over, that is a huge bearish warning sign. So moving on, I just want to get to uh some of the large cap sector action and then I'll show you the Nasdaq 100 and then I'll pass the baton back. but here we have energy. We haven't seen energy leading in a while. It's been taking a hit over these last 12 days. It is leading today. Then we got communication services and tech. Each of those up 1%. Real estate materials, staples rounds out the top row. To the downside, healthcare
consumer discretionary, uh industrials and financials all taking uh some hits there. Now here's Nasdaq 100, big change from yesterday. Yesterday was all green especially the mega caps. Microsoft up 2% today. I said software is strong. AMD though up 6% and we're seeing kind of a a mix of red and green and I will show you the Dow as well. Uh there we go. Aside from the mega caps, we're seeing some strength in Chevron up 1.4%, IBM up two and Verizon up 3% Josh.
Jared, before I let you go here, you mentioned software. uh just pull on that threat a bit more. What's going on there?
Yeah, let me just show you a comparison what's happened over the last 12 trading days. So this is since that March 30th bottom and you can see the Ishares semiconductor ETF is up 30% there. This is uh what it's been doing over these 12 days. Meanwhile, the software ETF IGV only up 8%, although that's a very respectable rally. However, this week, uh starting Monday, basically since last Friday's closed, we've had a reversal in leadership and here you can see IGV software up nearly 13%. Meanwhile, the Sox, Philly chip uh
index, that is up about 5%. So you can really see what's happened in our heat maps over the last four days. I will show you software, boom, and you got a lot of dark green there. Oracle up 28% versus semiconductors. You see some red there. There's a lot of green but also a bit of red mixed in. So software is really coming from behind right now.