Title: How elevator operator Otis is capitalizing on the AI boom
Date: 2026-04-28 16:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/elevator-operator-otis-capitalizing-ai-163000552.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi welcomes Otis Worldwide Corporation (OTIS) CEO Judy Marks on Opening Bid. Marks reveals how the 150+ year-old elevator brand is shifting with the times and surging alongside the boom in AI data center projects.
Well, certainly we're an AI user as is as is any company and I'm sure you can't have a CEO on here not talking about how it's impacting and transforming our business. But for us, uh the data centers are are a large demand signal we're seeing right now. Uh it's in the US where it's the largest demand, but we're seeing it everywhere. So we introduced a new heavy industrial product. It's uh it's it's amazing. It's got extra vibration shock to handle, handle critical infrastructure when you're moving racks and servers.
It's expensive.
Well, it it's it's priced well for being immediately available and for being very robust and we call it our robust line. So it does everything from uh moving people, but more importantly, we've designed it extra wide, extra wide door openings, but for a smooth ride and for 24/7 availability, which is what the data centers need.
I thought these data centers were one floor. I didn't realize they were now spanning multiple floors.
Yeah, so whether it's a data center or any of the new chip manufacturing facilities, all the reshoring that's going on in this comp- in this country for manufacturing, they're usually now more than one story just like the e-commerce sites. Uh because you they just can't take up as much land as they used to. So that ability to move, move pa- move servers around, to move equipment around. Uh and again, to be able to do that reliably, we can plug into backup power, they're connected. So again, that ultimate availability, 24/7, and also the availability of our elevators immediately so that we continue the construction boom that's happening.
Uh, this is a boom in this country, no question about it. Can you make enough of these specialized elevators to service the demand you're seeing?
We absolutely can and you know, we've we've taken from our common product platform, the ability to build them very quickly, very rapidly. We've trained trained our installation teams, and then we'll service them for as long as the data centers are there. So, people think about are there really jobs in data centers? There absolutely are, uh beyond just the operation, but making sure they stay up and running.
Every day there's a new wrinkle to this AI story. Today, it's the Wall Street Journal talking about Open AI and maybe missing some targets. But like you are in the trenches. You sit on the board of a Caterpillar. Caterpillar has trucks like dump trucks like helping to dig the sites, elevators. How do you see this this outlook for the AI infrastructure demand, uh looking out over the next 24 months, for example?
Well, in the US, it's going to be tremendously strong. I mean, people's backlogs are getting filled, but I mean, we're seeing an even stronger demand signal across all of the US for buildings. And I think that takes people back a little. We've had our seventh straight quarter of new equipment orders growth over 25% in the US. Uh and then the refurbishment of buildings, cuz buildings, you know, they need to be refurbished, they need to stay alive. They've been constructed 20 and 30 years ago. And so our modernization refurbishment orders in the US are up 35% this quarter. So we're just uh we're we're trying to meet this demand where it is, whether it's in residential, whether it's in hospitals, manufacturing, data centers, the the beauty of elevators and what we do is they're ubiquitous. Anytime you're two stories or more, you need us, people don't think about us that much.
Yeah, we're not climbing up the outside of the building like Spider-Man. That's not how this goes.
And then infrastructure's growing, stadiums, airports, you think about what's going on in this country and we're really positive.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio