Title: Caterpillar is Set to Report Q1 Earnings_ Buy, Sell or Hold the Stock_
Date: 2026-04-28 16:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/caterpillar-set-report-q1-earnings-160000305.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Caterpillar Inc. CAT is expected to deliver year-over-year improvement in both earnings and revenues when it reports first-quarter 2026 results on April 30, before the opening bell. This suggests the second quarter of earnings growth for the company after five quarters of declines.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for CAT’s first-quarter 2026 earnings has moved up 2.5% over the past 60 days to $4.55 per share, which implies 7% growth from the year-ago actual.
The consensus estimate for Caterpillar’s revenues is pegged at $16.42 billion for the quarter, indicating 15.2% year-over-year growth. This suggests that CAT will maintain the momentum of positive revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter after six quarters of declines.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
CAT’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the trailing four quarters while missing twice, the average surprise being 3.89%. This is depicted in the following chart.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Our proven model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for Caterpillar this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. But that is not the case here.
Earnings ESP: CAT has an Earnings ESP of -0.11%. You can uncover the best stocks before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Zacks Rank: The company currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
The broader manufacturing environment remained supportive during the quarter, as reflected in the Institute for Supply Management reporting readings above 50 (denoting expansion). The index was 52.6% in January, 52.4% in February and 52.7% reading in March. The New Orders Index also remained above 50 throughout this period. This is likely to have reflected in Caterpillar’s order volumes.
CAT’s substantial backlog of $51.2 billion at the beginning of the quarter, along with ongoing strength in aftermarket parts and service-related revenues, is likely to have supported its top line.  Volume gains across all segments are projected to have been the primary driver. Overall, we expect volumes contributing 10.4% to revenue growth, supplemented by 4.2% from pricing and a 0.2% favorable currency impact.
However, tariffs, estimated to be around $800 million, are likely to have driven a 18% spike in the cost of sales. We anticipate a 4% increase in selling, general and administrative expenses and an 8% rise in research and development costs.
Factoring in the expected growth in revenues somewhat offset by higher costs, our model projects a 13.4% year-over-year decrease in adjusted operating income to $2.96 billion. We expect the operating margin to be 18.2% in the first quarter of 2026, implying a slight contraction from the 18.3% reported in the first quarter of 2025.
Our model projects the Resource Industries segment's external sales at $2.94 billion for the quarter, indicating a 4.3% year-over-year rise. We expect a 4.1% rise in volume for the segment, a positive 0.2% impact from currency translation while pricing is expected to have been flat.
The segment is expected to report an operating profit of $607 million, suggesting 1.8% year-over-year growth. The segment’s operating margin is projected to be 20.7%, slightly lower than the 21.2% reported in first-quarter 2025.
The Construction Industries segment’s external sales are projected at $5.57 billion, indicating growth of 8.2% from the year-ago quarter’s actual. We expect a 3.5% improvement in volumes, a 4.6% impact of pricing and a 0.1% gain from currency translation.
The segment’s operating profit is projected to be $1.32 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 29%. We project the segment’s margins at 23.7%. higher than the year-ago quarter’s 19.9%.
For the Power & Energy segment, we expect external sales to be $6.82 billion, suggesting a 26.4% rise from the year-ago quarter’s actual. Volume growth is projected to be 20.3% on improved demand across all sectors, Power Generation, Oil and Gas, Industrial and Transportation. Pricing is expected to contribute 6% to the segment’s sales growth, while currency is expected to have had a positive 0.2% impact.
Our estimate for the segment’s operating profit is $1.18 billion for the first quarter of 2026, suggesting a 0.6% increase year over year. The segment’s operating profit is pegged at $1.7 billion (up 30% year over year) with an operating margin projected at 25%, slightly higher than the 24.3% reported in the first quarter of 2025.
CAT has gained 169.9% in the past year compared with its industry’s 149.1% growth. It has also outperformed the broader Zacks Industrial Products sector’s 37.4% growth and the S&P 500’s climb of 33.6%. CAT stock has outpaced other players in the industry, like Terex TEX, Astec Industries ASTE and Komatsu KMTUY.  In the past year, Terex, Astec and Komatsu have gained 74.9%, 57% and 51.4%, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Caterpillar is currently trading at a forward 12-month P/E of 33.82X, at a premium compared with the industry’s 32.16X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The stock is also not cheap when compared with Terex, Astec and Komatsu, all of which are trading at 12.24X, 14.84X and 16.17X, respectively. Notably, Terex, Astec and Komatsu are trading below the industry’s average.
Caterpillar’s long-term outlook remains compelling. The company is well-positioned to benefit from global infrastructure spending, urbanization trends and the ongoing transition toward cleaner energy systems. Its strong brand and market presence, and diversified business model position it for improved performance going forward. Expanding its service revenues, which generate higher margins, provides a solid foundation for sustained growth. Additionally, Caterpillar’s robust balance sheet supports continued investment in innovation, alongside shareholder returns through dividends and buybacks. While tariffs are expected to have raised costs, volume growth, as well as CAT’s pricing and cost-cutting efforts, can help counter the impacts.
CAT's performance has always been closely watched by investors, as it serves as a key economic barometer for the sector. Caterpillar’s first-quarter revenues are expected to reflect the improvement in volumes in all of its segments. Earnings are expected to have increased owing to higher revenues and cost-control efforts despite higher costs, including tariffs.
No matter how the upcoming quarterly results play out, investors who already own CAT should retain its shares in their portfolios to benefit from its solid long-term fundamentals. However, given its premium valuation and potential margin pressure, new investors can wait for a better entry point.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Terex Corporation (TEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Komatsu Ltd. (KMTUY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio