Title: Buy and Hold Forever_ Here's How Nike and Lululemon Athletica Stack Up
Date: 2026-04-25 19:23
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/25/buy-and-hold-forever-heres-how-nike-and-lululemon/?.tsrc=rss

Nike and Lululemon Athletica have established brands, but is that enough to warrant a forever place in your portfolio?
You're in good company if you take a long-term approach to investing. After all, Warren Buffett, the famed Oracle of Omaha, stated that his favorite holding period is forever. 
Investment success doesn't just depend on holding stocks for a very long time, of course. You have to choose companies that have the right characteristics for long-term success. This includes businesses that have competitive advantages.
Investors also need to understand the companies that they invest in. Nike (NKE 0.24%) and Lululemon Athletica (LULU 3.10%) have become well-known brands, which gives you a good starting place before conducting a deeper dive.
After learning more about each company, does one deserve that special place as a forever holding?
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Image source: Getty Images.
Nike, which produced some memorable commercials over the years and teamed up with some high-profile athletes, has sold popular footwear and apparel for decades. In short, it became a powerhouse brand.
The company had a competitive advantage for a long time. These included a stream of innovative and new products that kept the revenue juggernaut going.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
But Nike has hit a speed bump due to management missteps. This includes an over-reliance on its direct-to-consumer business that alienated wholesale partners, a lack of new products, and more intense competition from companies like On Holding (ONON 1.25%) and Deckers Outdoor's (DECK 0.55%) Hoka brand.
You can see the effects on Nike's revenue. The company's fiscal third-quarter top line dropped 3% after excluding foreign-currency translation effects. Revenue at its core Nike brand fell 2%. The most recent quarter ended on Feb. 28.
These issues have been ongoing and weighed on the stock price. Nike's shares have dropped 62.6% over the last three years through April 20. During this period, the S&P 500 index gained 71.7%. 
Nonetheless, Nike's valuation doesn't seem particularly compelling, given the issues it faces in growing revenue meaningfully again. The shares have a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 31, in line with the S&P 500's multiple.
Lululemon Athletica makes athletic apparel, including pants and shorts. Although high-priced, these have become very popular, particularly among younger women.
With the growing popularity of its products, Lululemon's revenue grew quickly. But it has slowed recently.
The company's fiscal fourth-quarter revenue grew 4% when using the comparable number of weeks in both periods and removing foreign-currency changes. The quarter ended on Feb. 1. Management expects a tepid 2% to 4% revenue increase this year. With increased competition from lower-priced alternatives and the inability to expand its brand's reach, Lululemon faces a tough task in revving up revenue growth.
Over three years, the share price has lost 55.7%.
It's no wonder that investors aren't happy. There have been rumblings, with the company's founder, Chip Wilson, waging a battle to make changes. This includes nominating three board members. Activist investor Elliot Management has also built a stake. But right now, these create questions rather than answers to boosting growth.
I wouldn't make Nike or Lululemon part of my forever holdings. Both face challenges with revenue growth, and they don't have easy fixes. In fact, it's extraordinarily difficult to win customers back.
Given that, I'd keep looking for that forever stock to buy.

 


Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Lawrence Rothman, CFA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor, Lululemon Athletica Inc., Nike, and On Holding. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends