Title: Bloody Thursday_ Up to 18,000 people lose jobs or face buyouts at Meta, Nike and Microsoft
Date: 2026-04-26 11:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bloody-thursday-18-000-people-114500564.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Thursday, Apr. 23 saw three major companies making substantial cuts to their payroll as they look to streamline operations and, in some cases, rely more heavily on artificial intelligence.
Meta, in an internal memo, said it would lay off 10% of its staff, which equates to roughly 8,000 people (1). The savings from those cuts will be funneled into the company's AI investment. "This is not an easy tradeoff and it will mean letting go of people who have made meaningful contributions to Meta during their time here," wrote Meta Chief People Officer Janelle Gale.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP
Meta also said it is canceling plans to hire for 6,000 open roles. Employees won't know if they're impacted by these cuts until May 20.
Microsoft, meanwhile, is offering voluntary buyouts (2) to roughly 7% of its employees, which is about 8,750 workers. The buyouts are being offered to long-time Microsoft employees and is part of an ongoing reorganization that's centered around its efforts to move forward its AI division.
The cuts at Nike, which will impact 1,400 employees, aren't directly AI related, although they take place largely in the company's technology department. COO Venkatesh Alagirisamy said the move was part of an ongoing turnaround that includes modernizing its manufacturing and a reshaping of the tech teams.
These aren't the first recent staff reductions for Meta, Nike or Microsoft.
Just last month, Meta reportedly laid off several hundred people (3) across multiple teams in the Reality Labs division as well as social media and recruiting. In January, roughly 1,500 jobs were cut. And last February, the company slashed (4) 3,600 positions.
Microsoft isn't directly laying people off at this time, though that could be a possibility if it doesn't hit targets with the employee buyouts. Last year, though, it had several rounds of layoffs, resulting in roughly 15,000 people losing their jobs, with significant impacts on the Xbox teams.
This is the second round of layoffs at Nike this year. In January, 775 workers lost their jobs.
Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10
AI was cited as a factor in nearly 55,000 layoffs (5) in 2025, according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a consulting firm that specializes in employment. That could, however, be just the tip of the iceberg.
A chilling forecast from Goldman Sachs in 2023 estimated that breakthroughs in generative AI could put as many as 300 million (6) jobs at risk.
"Our economists estimate that roughly two-thirds of U.S. occupations are exposed to some degree of automation by AI," the report reads. "They further estimate that, of those occupations that are exposed, roughly a quarter to as much as half of their workload could be replaced. But not all that automated work will translate into layoffs."
Gartner is a bit more upbeat, however. In February (7), that analytical firm said that by next year half of the companies that have cut customer service staff and replaced them with AI will rehire those workers.
"While AI-driven layoffs have captured attention, the reality is more complex," said Kathy Ross, Senior Director Analyst in the Gartner Customer Service & Support practice. "Most recent workforce reductions were influenced by broader economic conditions rather than automation alone. As organizations encounter the limits of AI and rising customer expectations, they will need to reinvest in human talent to sustain service quality and growth."
Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees. Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines.
The Wall Street Journal (1),(2); Reuters (3); Yahoo Finance (4); CNBC (5); Goldman Sachs (6); Gartner (7)
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Bloody Thursday: Up to 18,000 people lose jobs or face buyouts at Meta, Nike and Microsoft
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio