Title: Lululemon founder Chip Wilson teams up with rival brands Alo, Vuori
Date: 2026-04-28 20:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/lululemon-founder-chip-wilson-teams-up-with-rival-brands-alo-vuori-200247837.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Yahoo Finance's Breaking Business News Reporter, Jake Conley, joins Market Domination to discuss Chip Wilson’s return to the athleisure world. Wilson stepped down as founder and CEO of Lululemon (LULU) in 2015 and is now advising rival brands Alo and Vuori.
But that's I mean, that's pretty remarkable to think that Chip Wilson now has gone on and helped these companies that essentially were impacting the company that he built.
Right, going and helping his the rivals of the company that he built. Now, you know, he to be clear, he's been off the board since 2015. He's a bit disconnected, but that said, he's still a major shareholder. He is right now pushing to get three seats on the board of his picking for uh directors he wants to see nominated. He said that a new CEO shouldn't have been appointed.
Right now, we have industry veteran Heidi O'Neal stepping in as a new CEO. used to be head of consumer and brand at Nike. So she ostensibly knows what she's doing.
Right.
That said, this is an interesting move from Chip Wilson. He said when asked why he did this, I help Alo and Viori because they ask.
Because they asked.
Because they asked.
I mean.
Because I'm so experienced in the world of ath leisure and they asked.
I mean, Chip Wilson, he's he's been an interesting character in this whole narrative of Lulu Lemon. But year to date Lulu Lemon shares are down around 30%. And on top of that too, you have to think about it. Okay, Heidi's taking over this company September 8th. Now one concern on Wall Street is that this is sort of giving some time for investors to digest this, for the companies to maybe make a misstep before that. Ultimately, it's too long. We have too long to wait before she takes the helm.
It's a very long gap with just two, two people who were elevated internally to serve as co-CEO, but it is a long gap to not have someone firmly at the wheel of the company. You mentioned they're down 30%. Step back a little bit. In 2023, they had a hot hit a high at $511, trading now at around 146. That is a pretty big drop downward.
Yeah, they were hitting their stride because of the fact that one, athleisure was still doing hot post COVID and two, do you remember the belt bag?
Oh, do I remember it? Do I remember it? I was not on it, but do I remember it? Come on, Brook.
Were you on the belt bag trend?
I mean that's a part of our modern day history. You know what?
I mean everybody loved the belt, everyone loved the belt bag.
I've I've never been one for athleisure as you could probably tell from what I wear sitting next to you every day in this office, but it is a huge market and now we see Chip Wilson going and somewhat taking a swing at his old company.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio