Title: Nike to streamline operations with supply chain shake up
Date: 2026-04-27 11:43
URL: https://www.just-style.com/news/nike-to-streamline-operations-with-supply-chain-shake-up/?.tsrc=rss

Nike says it hopes to make the company “less complex and more responsive” as it reduces headcount as part of wider “Win Now” action plan.
In a memo detailing the changes, Nike’s chief operating officer Venkatesh Alagirisamy said the company was creating a “leaner, faster, more connected technology organisation”.
The changes will result in a loss of 1,400 roles, the majority of which are in Nike’s technology team.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            





						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
“Across the company, we have been taking deliberate steps to strengthen our foundation, sharpen how we compete, and build a model designed to deliver long-term profitable growth. Global Operations is critical to that effort,” Alagirisamy explained.
According to the memo, Nike plans to focus on two hubs for technology – its Philip H Knight Campus in Oregon and its Nike India Technology Centre.
The memo also details plans to move Converse footwear manufacturing and engineering resources closer to Nike’s factory partners and moving its materials work closer to its footwear and apparel supply chain teams.
The company says it is also working to modernise its Air manufacturing operations facilities in the US and Vietnam. It hopes this will improve efficiency, increase flexibility, and support future product innovation.
“This is not a new direction. It is the next phase of the work already underway,” the memo states.
The changes are said to part of a wider turnaround plan at the sportswear giant, which follows a slump in profit. In December, Nike reported a 32% fall in net profit following sluggish sales, particularly in Greater China and Asia.
This is the second time Nike has announced job cuts in 2026. In January, the company was reportedly planning to cut 800 roles from distribution centres in Tennessee and Mississippi.
“We are sharpening our supply chain footprint, accelerating the use of advanced technology and automation, and investing in the skills our teams need for the future,” Nike said in a statement given to Business Insider at the time.
Alagirisamy added: “These changes are meant to make the company less complex and more responsive. As we look ahead, that means simplifying parts of how we operate, using more advanced automation where it helps us work better, and building an even stronger end-to-end foundation for future growth. I expect these efforts to continue beyond our Win Now action plan.”

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Just Style : Just Style Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Apparel sourcing and textile industry news & analysis

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.