Title: Should You Buy, Sell, or Hold Pfizer at $27_
Date: 2026-04-28 16:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/should-you-buy-sell-or-hold-pfizer-at-27/?.tsrc=rss

The pharmaceutical company has been investing in its future growth, but whether its efforts will pay off is a big question mark.
Pfizer (PFE 1.16%) has been a pharmaceutical giant for decades and a key player in healthcare. Its drugs have saved lives and generated a ton of revenue for its business over the years. While it's still innovating and developing new treatments, it's also facing adversity, with multiple drugs losing patent protection in the near future.
This makes the stock an intriguing option to consider today. It's down more than 30% over the past five years due to slowing growth and concerns about what lies ahead. There's some risk here, but there's also opportunity, given that its valuation has come down so much. And don't forget, the stock also pays a dividend, which, due to its rapid decline, now yields an incredible 6.4%.
Is the stock a buy, sell, or hold at $27?
Image source: Getty Images.
Ultimately, whether or not Pfizer's stock can go on a prolonged rally will depend on the outlook growth investors have for the business. At a time when the healthcare sector is under pressure to reduce costs, and there's growing skepticism about vaccines, it's not all that surprising that investors aren't feeling all that excited about many healthcare stocks. Pfizer, which generates a lot of revenue from vaccines and which got a big boost from its COVID vaccine and pill in recent years, is certainly no exception.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Its struggles can be summed up with the chart below, which highlights just how impressive its growth rate was during the pandemic, and how quickly it came crashing back down.

PFE Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts
Pfizer has been involved in many acquisitions in recent years in an effort to grow its business, but it's proving to be a challenging road ahead. A few years ago, CEO Albert Bourla outlined a growth strategy that leaned heavily on acquisitions and in-house development, through which Pfizer could add $25 billion to its top line by the end of the decade, more than offsetting a possible $18 billion decline in revenue due to growing competition from generics. Investors, however, don't appear to be convinced that it's on the right path. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Pfizer is navigating a challenging path ahead, but I believe its efforts will pay off. This is the healthcare sector after all, and it can sometimes take just one big drug approval that makes a stock a hot buy again. Pfizer isn't at that stage yet, but with over 100 drug candidates in its pipeline, odds are, it'll have more than a few approvals coming its way in the near future. 
Plus, the stock's valuation is extremely low, offering investors a solid margin of safety. It trades at just nine times its expected future earnings (based on analyst estimates). That's a dirt cheap valuation for a company that generated $63 billion in revenue last year, and which could be on the cusp of much more growth. Investing in Pfizer comes with a bit of risk, but the stock also possesses a lot of potential upside in the long run.

 


Before you buy stock in Pfizer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Pfizer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends