Title: Jim Cramer Wonders Whether It’s Time to Buy The TJX Companies (TJX)
Ticker: BAC
Published: 2026-04-16T17:44:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-wonders-whether-time-164404766.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published Jim Cramer Said Allbirds Management Are "Jokers" & Discussed These 18 Stocks. The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) is an off price retailer. Its shares are up by 24% over the past year and by 3.9% year-to-date. Bank of America discussed the firm on February 26th, as per The Fly. It raised The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX)’s share price target to $175 from $168 and kept a Buy rating on the shares. Among the factors that BofA discussed in its coverage were The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX)’s operational success and growth in the retail industry. Following BofA, investment bank UBS also discussed the firm as it reiterated a Buy rating and a $193 share price target on the firm on March 4th. UBS outlined that the retailer had strong potential to eke out market share in its industry. Cramer previously discussed The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) in Mad Money aired on March 223rd. The CNBC TV host remarked that the firm was benefiting from buying excess inventory. This time, he wondered whether it was time to buy, given that consumer sentiment was softening in the US, and commented in a tweet:
“Maybe pick up some $TJX down 4% from high? Rarely get that kind of discount!”
While we acknowledge the potential of TJX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.