Title: Bank of America Travel Rewards Credit Card review: Hassle-free rewards and no annual fee
Ticker: BAC
Published: 2026-04-16T22:54:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/credit-cards/review/bank-of-america-travel-rewards-credit-card-215409837.html?.tsrc=rss

Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See our Advertiser Disclosure.
The Bank of America® Travel Rewards credit card is an affordable and straightforward travel rewards card with a generous welcome offer and no foreign transaction fees. It’s suitable for travel rewards beginners and anyone who wants to avoid an annual fee, but if you want elevated benefits, consider other travel credit cards.
With the Bank of America Travel Rewards Credit Card, you can take advantage of two intro APR offers. These offers allow you to pay down debt or cover a large purchase without worrying about interest charges for a while. Note that balance transfers incur fees.
Related: Avoid paying interest rates for up to 21 months with the best 0% APR credit cards
Bank of America Preferred Rewards members can earn 25% (Gold Tier) to 75% (Platinum Honors and Diamond Honors Tiers) more points on every eligible purchase. That means you could earn 1.87x to 2.62x points on every purchase with your Bank of America Travel Rewards card instead of the base 1.5x rewards rate.
The Bank of America Travel Rewards offers 1.5x points on every eligible purchase. If you’re a Bank of America Preferred Rewards member, you can boost your earnings by up to 75% at the Platinum Honors or Diamond Honors Tier, which is up to 2.62x points on every eligible purchase.
Eligible new cardholders can also earn a welcome bonus of 25,000 bonus points after spending at least $1,000 in the first 90 days after account opening.
Related: Enjoy boosted first-year credit card rewards with the best credit card sign-up bonuses and welcome offers
The Bank of America Travel Rewards offers these redemption options with its rewards program:
Statement credits toward travel and dining purchases: Cash rewards can be redeemed as statement credits to offset eligible travel and dining expenses in the past 12 months, such as flights, hotel stays, or restaurant bills. The minimum redemption is 2,500 points. Rewards redeemed this way are worth $0.01 (2,500 points = $25).
Cash back: Cash rewards can be redeemed as a check or an electronic deposit into an eligible Bank of America® checking or savings account, or as credit to a qualifying Cash Management Account® with Merrill. The minimum redemption is 2,500 points. Rewards redeemed this way are worth $0.006 (2,500 points = $15).
Gift cards: You can redeem points for various types of gift cards at a varying redemption value, depending on the gift card. The minimum redemption is 3,125 points.
Note that your points are worth more when redeemed for statement credits toward travel and dining purchases than for cash back.
Keep in mind that you don’t have to worry about blackout dates to use your points to book travel, since you simply pay with your card and then redeem points as a statement credit toward the eligible purchase.
The Bank of America Travel Rewards makes sense if you want a no-annual-fee credit card with flat-rate rewards. It doesn’t have many additional benefits, but it’s affordable and easy to use. This makes it a good card if you’re just starting out with travel rewards and learning how they work.
However, there are better cards available if you want to earn more rewards in specific categories or take advantage of premium travel benefits, such as airport lounge access.
Related: Best rewards credit cards
Generous welcome offer for new cardholders
Straightforward rewards rate
Introductory APR offers
No annual fee
No foreign transaction fees
No transfer partners as a redemption option
No bonus categories on the rewards rate
No premium travel benefits, such as annual travel credits or airport lounge access
The Bank of America Travel Rewards is a Visa credit card, so it’s accepted at any merchant or retailer that accepts Visa worldwide. In addition, you don’t have to worry about foreign transaction fees with this card if you travel internationally.
Related: Best credit cards with no foreign transaction fees
You can make Bank of America credit card payments through your online account at BankofAmerica.com, through the Bank of America mobile app, or in person at about 3,700 financial centers or over 15,000 ATMs.
To make a payment over the phone, call 1-800-236-6497.
If you want to make a payment by mail, use these addresses:
Consumer card payments (standard delivery): PO Box 15019 Wilmington, DE 19850-5019
Consumer card payments (overnight delivery): Bank of America, Attn: Payment Processing DE5-023-03-02 900 Samoset Drive Newark, DE 19713
Business card payments: Bank of America Business Card PO Box 15710 Wilmington, DE 19850-5710
You can reach Bank of America credit card customer service 24/7 by calling 1-800-732-9194 or the number on the back of your card. The international line (charges may apply) is 1-302-738-5719.
Why we like it: The Chase Sapphire Preferred provides more redemption options than the Bank of America Travel Rewards, giving you more flexibility with your points. This includes transferring points to travel partners or redeeming points for travel through Chase.
Read our full Chase Sapphire Preferred review
Why we like it: The Capital One Venture Rewards beats the Bank of America Travel Rewards with its higher earning rate, more flexible redemption options, and additional travel perks. You can transfer your miles to over 15 travel partners and receive up to $120 in credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck applications.
Read our full Capital One Venture Rewards review
Why we like it: The Capital One Venture X is a premium travel card that offers multiple annual benefits and access to over 1,300 airport lounges worldwide. This card is much better suited to frequent travelers than the Bank of America Travel Rewards card, and it also offers a higher base rewards rate.
Read our full Capital One Venture X review
It depends on your travel and spending habits. A general travel rewards card makes sense if you want to earn points or miles on everyday purchases that you can redeem toward your next vacation. However, you might consider an airline credit card or hotel credit card if you’re loyal to a specific airline or hotel loyalty program.
You get the highest redemption value by using your points for statement credits toward dining or travel purchases. This could include redeeming points toward flights, hotel stays, or dining at restaurants.
The Bank of America Travel Rewards doesn’t charge foreign transaction fees.
Yes, you can redeem points on your Bank of America Travel Rewards Credit Card for cash back or gift cards. However, these redemption options provide less value compared to redeeming points for statement credits toward travel and dining purchases.
Related: Best cash-back credit cards
How does Bank of America Preferred Rewards boost earnings?
How does this card compare to premium alternatives?
What welcome bonus does Bank of America Travel Rewards offer?
What are the redemption options for Travel Rewards points?