Title: I Want to Buy Netflix Stock, Just Not at This Price
Date: 2026-04-28 23:41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/i-want-to-buy-netflix-stock-just-not-at-this-price/?.tsrc=rss

Despite reporting strong double-digit revenue growth in Q1, several things are keeping me on the sidelines -- for now.
Netflix (NFLX +0.98%) shares sold off following its first-quarter earnings report earlier this month. A combination of factors spooked investors, including a forecast for slower growth in Q2 and news that Netflix co-founder Reed Hastings was stepping down from the company's board of directors. The decline took the stock from outperforming the market before the report to underperforming it.
With shares in the red year to date and meaningfully trailing the S&P 500, is this a buying opportunity?
Unfortunately, even though the business is still doing great and has a long runway thanks to its pricing power and its fast-growing but still nascent advertising business, I just can't get behind a bullish outlook for the stock at this price. In other words, I love the business but not the stock -- at least not at this price.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Netflix's first-quarter results were impressive.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Its first-quarter revenue rose 16% year over year to about $12.3 billion, putting the figure slightly ahead of management's forecast for the period. And operating income climbed 18% to $4.0 billion, as the company's operating margin expanded to 32.3% from 31.7% in the year-ago quarter. Further, Netflix's free cash flow jumped to $5.1 billion, helped along by a $2.8 billion cash receipt tied to the terminated Warner Bros. Discovery transaction.
But as is often the case with Netflix, the guidance is what moved the stock.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 
Management called for second-quarter revenue of about $12.6 billion, implying 13% year-over-year growth -- a clear deceleration from the 16% pace the company just delivered. Further, management said its operating margin is also expected to narrow year over year in Q2, contracting from 34.1% in the second quarter of 2025 to 32.6%, with content amortization growth peaking in the period before easing in the back half.
And the company's full-year 2026 guidance was left unchanged: revenue of $50.7 billion to $51.7 billion (12% to 14% growth) and an operating margin of 31.5% -- up from 29.5% in 2025.
Then there's Hastings.
The co-founder, who handed off the CEO role in 2023, will not stand for reelection when his term expires at the June annual meeting.
Co-CEO Ted Sarandos pushed back during Netflix's first-quarter earnings call on speculation tying the move to potential disagreements regarding the abandoned Warner Bros. Discovery deal.
"Reed was a big champion for that deal," the CEO explained. "He championed it with the Board. The Board unanimously supported the deal. So we had perfect alignment with management and the Board on the Warner Bros deal."
In short, Netflix management insinuated that Hastings's departure shouldn't be viewed as a red flag.
Further, Netflix boasts two major catalysts -- and those catalysts continue to perform well.
Those catalysts, of course, are the company's ability to regularly raise prices (its pricing power) and its fast-growing advertising business.
The company is once again reminding investors of its pricing power, having raised prices in March. 
"Our recent price changes have gone well, reflecting the strong value we provide members," the company said in its first-quarter shareholder letter.
Co-CEO Greg Peters added context on the company's approach to price increases during the earnings call: "Occasionally, when we've added more value, we ask our members to contribute more so that we can invest that into delivering them even more entertainment value."
This ability to regularly increase prices is a growth driver that should persist not just for years, but arguably for decades.
And the advertising business, which is only about three years old, is the other lever.
Netflix reiterated that it is on track to reach roughly $3 billion in ad revenue this year -- double the 2025 level. Additionally, Netflix said its advertiser count rose 70% year over year to more than 4,000, and the cheaper ad-supported plan accounted for over 60% of sign-ups in countries where it is offered during Q1.
So, why not buy Netflix stock now?
Because Netflix is decelerating into what the company itself describes as an "intensely competitive" market -- one that includes well-capitalized tech giants with their own streaming services and traditional media companies simultaneously migrating their businesses from linear TV to streaming. Then there are other forms of entertainment competing for user attention -- namely, social media platforms.
Finally, the stock's valuation is arguably a bit stretched. With a price-to-earnings ratio of 30 and a forward price-to-earnings ratio in the high twenties, there's little room for unexpected challenges, such as a slowdown in user growth or a deterioration in Netflix's pricing power.At what price would I buy? If Netflix shares fell to the point that the price-to-earnings ratio was in the mid-twenties, I'd be interested.
Until shares get there (if they ever do), I'm content to wait.

 


Before you buy stock in Netflix, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Netflix wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Daniel Sparks and his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Netflix. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends