Title: Taiwan Semiconductor Just Proved Why It's One of the Best Stocks on the Market
Date: 2026-04-28 21:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/taiwan-semiconductor-just-proved-why-its-one-of/?.tsrc=rss

The leading chip producer continues to put up excellent growth.
Chip designers like Nvidia and Broadcom get a lot of the headlines regarding their huge artificial intelligence (AI) business, but Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 3.16%) is also a great pick in this industry. Taiwan Semiconductor (TSMC for short) is the primary logic chip fabricator, and the majority of tech devices use its products.
There aren't many stocks that are better picks than TSMC, and because it's staying neutral in the AI race, you don't have to worry about picking a winner -- it's a near-guarantee to be successful. I think this makes it a top buy in the market, and it just proved again why it's one of the best.
Image source: Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company.
Management hasn't been shy about discussing the results it expects artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver. During its fourth-quarter conference call, it forecast a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) from its AI business in the mid to high 50% range for the period starting in 2024 and ending in 2029. That's huge over a long time frame, and first-quarter results backed that projection up.
Revenue growth was 41% year over year, and the forecast for 2026 total revenue growth was revised to be above the 30% figure previously provided. That's strong and impressive for TSMC, but it shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone following the industry because of how prevalent its chips are and how great the demand for AI computing has been.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Rapid growth from TSMC also bodes well for other AI businesses reporting earnings during the first quarter, and investors should expect strong quarters from Nvidia and Broadcom.
Still, I think TSMC is a great investment in its own right. Its attractiveness is that you're owning the primary chip manufacturer, which means it will benefit from the rising tide of AI spending, rather than requiring you to select one winner. That makes it a suitable choice versus others.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 
It's not the cheapest stock at 25 times forward earnings, but considering its industry dominance, exposure to huge growth, and strong track record of execution, I think it's a price worth paying.

TSM PE Ratio (Forward) data by YCharts; PE = price to earnings.
Few stocks have as few questions surrounding the health of the business as Taiwan Semiconductor, making it an excellent buy-and-hold for years to come.

 


Before you buy stock in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Keithen Drury has positions in Broadcom, Nvidia, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Broadcom, Nvidia, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends