Title: Why Solaris Energy Infrastructure Stock Soared Today
Date: 2026-04-28 21:58
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/why-solaris-energy-infrastructure-stock-soared-tod/?.tsrc=rss

The company easily topped analyst estimates in its first quarter.
Energy industry equipment specialist Solaris Energy Infrastructure (SEI +5.03%) might not be a well-known stock, but it sure was popular with market players on Tuesday. Investors piled into the company's equity after it published its latest quarterly earnings report. That response sent the shares more than 5% higher on the day.
Solaris took the wraps off its first-quarter results just after market close on Monday. These revealed that the company's revenue was a bit over $196 million, comparing very favorably to the $126 million and change it earned in the same period of 2025. 
Image source: Getty Images.
On the bottom line, net profit not under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) grew far more robustly, nearly tripling year over year to $39.4 million, or $0.44 per share.
Both results crushed analyst expectations. The consensus pundit forecast for revenue was under $183 million, while that for non-GAAP (adjusted) net income was $0.33 per share. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Solaris is benefiting from the heavy demand for the build-out of artificial intelligence (AI)-capable data centers, as it's a supplier of modular, gas-powered turbines that power many of these facilities. It's also directly involved in AI data centers through its controlling stake in Stateline Power, a joint venture building a massive facility in Texas. 
The first quarter was a beat-and-raise one for Solaris, as it lifted its guidance for adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) for its current quarter. It believes adjusted EBITDA will range from $83 million to $93 million in the second frame, well up from its previous estimate of $76 million to $84 million.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
It also provided fresh guidance for the same metric in the third quarter, of $80 million to $95 million.
It did not provide revenue or bottom-line forecasts.
Solaris is an outlier in the white-hot AI data center segment as both a supplier and a developer. Anyone who believes in the future of these facilities should absolutely consider this stock for their portfolio.

 


Before you buy stock in Solaris Energy Infrastructure, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Solaris Energy Infrastructure wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends