Title: Visa Earnings Impress as the Company Grows Its Net Revenue At Its Highest Rate Since 2022
Date: 2026-04-28 21:41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/28/visa-earnings-impress-as-the-company-grows-its-net/?.tsrc=rss

Visa just crushed Wall Street's quarterly targets, and the company is buying back more stock.
Visa (V 0.06%) published quarterly results after the market closed today, and the financial-services giant posted performance that came in far better than Wall Street had anticipated. The company reported strong sales and earnings results for the second quarter of its 2026 fiscal year -- which ended Dec. 31. 
Visa delivered non-GAAP (adjusted) earnings per share of $3.31 on sales of $11.23 billion in fiscal Q2. Meanwhile, the average analyst estimate had called for an adjusted profit of $3.10 per share -- and revenue exceeded the average analyst target by roughly $480 million. The company served up big revenue and earnings beats in the period, and the business looks to be in strong shape going forward.
Image source: Getty Images.
Visa's revenue unexpectedly surged roughly 17% higher year over year, marking its highest growth for net revenue since 2022. Meanwhile, adjusted earnings per share came in roughly 20% higher compared to the performance in the prior-year quarter. The company saw strong growth in overall payments volume, cross-border volume, and processed transactions. Even after accounting for currency fluctuations in the period, sales were up 16% on an annual basis. 
Visa saw total payments volume climb 9% year over year in fiscal Q2 -- or 8% on a currency-adjusted basis. Total processed transactions for the quarter came in at $66.1 billion, representing a 9% annual increase. Meanwhile, service revenue for the period came in at $5 billion -- good for growth of 13% year over year. Data processing revenue grew 18% year over year to hit $5.5 billion, and international transaction revenue was up 10% to $3.6 billion. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Along with its fiscal Q2 report, Visa announced that it had received board authorization for another big expansion of its stock-buyback program. The company's board of directors has approved an additional $20 billion stock buybacks. Buying back and retiring shares should create another positive earnings catalyst for the company, and recent profitability gains already look encouraging. 
Visa served up great results with its report for fiscal Q2. Along with strong sales growth last quarter, the company's operating expense declined to $4 billion -- down from $4.16 billion in last year's period. The improvement helped power robust earning growth, and Visa may have room for continued reductions of operating expenses that help to bolster earnings. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Visa's recent quarterly report provides a strong indication that the company can continue posting strong results even in periods in which macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics created uncertainty for the broader financials space. The company's Q2 print also suggests that the business is currently seeing little in the way of disruption from stablecoins and other alternative financial products. 
The company's fiscal Q2 report shows that consumer engagement remains strong, and it also suggests that the company has room for continued margin improvements that will help support earnings growth. Visa's latest quarterly report looks like another significant win for the company and bolsters the long-term bull case for the stock. 
Along with the company's expanded buyback program, ongoing growth for payments processed through the company's network supports the outlook for healthy earnings growth going forward. Visa's financials continue to look rock solid, and the network-effect benefits enjoyed by the business currently show little sign of weakening. 

 


Before you buy stock in Visa, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Visa wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Visa. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends