Title: OpenAI-Linked Stocks Slump on Report It Missed Key Targets
Date: 2026-04-28 20:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/openai-linked-stocks-slump-on-report-of-startup-missing-targets-085812132.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- A constellation of artificial-intelligence stocks dropped after OpenAI reportedly failed to meet its sales and user targets, rekindling doubts that the hundreds of billions of dollars that big companies are plowing into the technology will deliver sufficient profits anytime soon.
Most Read from Bloomberg
UAE Quits OPEC as War Upends Oil Markets and Gulf Tensions Rise
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The report dragged down the stocks of companies that have cut investment and business deals with OpenAI, which helped unleash the stock-market’s AI boom after the release of ChatGPT more than three years ago.
Shares of Oracle Corp. and CoreWeave Inc., which have cloud-computing pacts with OpenAI, closed 4.1% and 5.8% lower, respectively. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. shares fell 3.4% and Nvidia Corp. stock fell 1.6% in its worst day in about a month. Both companies also have ties to OpenAI.
The reported miss by OpenAI revived worries that have shadowed the stock market periodically for months as technology giants like Microsoft Corp., Meta Platforms Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. invest heavily in AI and stocks have rallied on the back of it.
Those investments — as they boosted the revenues of semiconductor, power and data-center companies — have sown fears that tech stocks could come tumbling back down if the spending halts or windfall profits don’t appear.
While those concerns were shunted aside after the Iran war sent stocks sliding, the Nasdaq 100 Index rallied back to record highs this month after one it its strongest advances in over a decade. The index dropped about 1% Tuesday. An index of semiconductor stocks — which had surged 47% from late March through last week — shed 3.6%.
“What we’ve seen in this market is like the maximum reaction,” said Brian Mulberry, chief market strategist at Zacks Investment Management. “We automatically price in the worst case scenario or the best case scenario.”
OpenAI’s Chief Financial Officer Sarah Friar has told leaders internally that she is worried the firm might not be able to pay for future computing contracts if revenue doesn’t grow fast enough, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. An OpenAI spokesperson said the company is “firing on all cylinders” and seeing strong growth in demand from enterprise customers and for its nascent advertising business.
The stock price moves on Tuesday weren’t outsized by recent standards. But the report comes ahead of earnings reports from big tech companies like Alphabet, Microsoft., Meta and Amazon.com, all of which will provide an update on AI rollouts.
“There’s still a fair bit of nervousness around the exposure of the entire chip and data center and software supply chain to the big players,” said JoAnne Feeney, a portfolio manager at Advisors Capital Management. “Any bit of news that comes out is going to make people pause and reassess and wonder at the risks they may not have been considering.”
Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Anurag Rana said OpenAI’s struggles could “have an impact throughout the entire AI infrastructure ecosystem, with Oracle as the most exposed in terms of risk to its financial goals.”
“Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and CoreWeave could also feel some impact if OpenAI decides to pull back its computing needs,” he said.
While OpenAI had an early advantage in the AI business, competition has been fierce, with upstart rivals like Anthropic making major headway and the big companies mounting their own major pushes into it as well. That has aided companies like CoreWeave that aren’t tied just to OpenAI.
OpenAI is “not our only” partner, a CoreWeave spokesperson said in an email, adding that the company’s business is supported by other customers like Meta, Anthropic, Microsoft, Google and Perplexity AI.
An Oracle spokesperson said that the company is “incredibly excited” about its partnership with OpenAI and is focused on “building and delivering the capacity they need to support rapidly growing demand.”
Bubble or Bonanza? Where AI Goes From Here: Explainer
OpenAI, once at the forefront of the artificial intelligence frenzy, fell short of several monthly sales targets in 2026 after rival Anthropic gained ground in the coding and enterprise markets, the Journal reported Monday, citing unidentified people familiar with the matter.
Perceptions about OpenAI’s leadership shifted last fall after Alphabet’s Gemini AI model and Anthropic’s Claude received broad acclaim. These updates from consumer and business-focused rivals have sparked repeated selloffs in companies considered proxies for OpenAI.
“Google for a while was being perceived as a bit of a loser, because their models were maybe not as good as what we were seeing coming out of OpenAI and Anthropic,” Tiffany Wade, senior portfolio manager at Columbia Threadneedle Investments said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “That changed last year when they released some of their newer Gemini models and were seen as more of a winner.”
Wade added that while the investor reaction to the OpenAI news makes sense, especially given tech and semiconductor stock gains in April. She said expectations about the longer-term demand for AI-related infrastructure remains intact.
“There is so much demand and it’s not just from Anthropic and OpenAI,” she said. “It’s really across the economy that we’re seeing demand for more processing power, so I expect the spending is going to continue.”
--With assistance from Seth Fiegerman, Dana Wollman, Lynn Doan, Ruhell Amin, Ed Ludlow and Caroline Hyde.
(Updates stock moves at market close.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio