Title: Mag 7 earnings, Fed day, Warsh confirmation vote_ What to Watch
Date: 2026-04-28 23:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/mag-7-earnings-fed-day-230000235.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma takes a look at the top stories for investors to watch on Wednesday, Apr. 28: Fed chair nominee Kevin Warsh's confirmation vote, the Federal Reserve's interest rate decision, and earnings from Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), and Meta (META).
Time now for what to watch on Wednesday, April 29th. It's a busy stretch ahead for markets with the Fed, Washington and Big Tech all in focus. We start in DC where Kevin Warsh is moving one step closer to leading the Federal Reserve.
A key Senate panel Wednesday morning is set to vote on advancing his nomination to the full Senate, a move that could put him in place as soon as next month, potentially in time to oversee the Fed's June meeting.
Sticking with the Fed, the FOMC is wrapping up its latest policy meeting on Wednesday. The Central Bank making its decision on interest rates.
where the expectation is for the Fed to hold rates steady. Fed Chair Powell is holding a press conference after the decision and Yahoo Finance will begin coverage on Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. Eastern.
Turning to big tech because four Mag 7 names are reporting after the market's close on Wednesday, starting with Alphabet, the Google parent company announcing results for the first quarter.
Analysts expecting its cloud business to stay strong, potentially growing around 50%. That would be driven by demand tied to AI infrastructure and partnerships like Anthropic.
Meanwhile, Microsoft reporting its fiscal third quarter, where analysts see Azure growth remaining solid, but a big question is capital allocation, with the company pouring money into AI infrastructure and potentially ramping spending toward $170 billion in 2026.
Let's move over to Amazon though because there analysts anticipating North America retail margins to rebound significantly. Investors will be listening closely to the company's outlook,
especially as the company continues to also invest heavily in AI. And finally, we're also getting meta. Analysts expecting the Facebook parent company
to deliver strong revenue growth driven by, once again, AI powered, but this time, advertising. The company's also expected to spend heavily as well
on AI with capital expenditures of around $125 billion this year. Lots to watch there.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio