Title: J&J to acquire Atraverse Medical
Date: 2026-04-27 11:00
URL: https://www.medtechdive.com/news/jj-to-acquire-atraverse-medical/818514/?.tsrc=rss

Let MedTech Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The FDA-cleared radiofrequency guidewire will slot into J&J’s fast-growing cardiovascular portfolio.
Atraverse was set up by Steven Mickelsen, Eric Sauter and John Slump. Mickelsen and Slump co-founded Farapulse, the pulsed field ablation company acquired by Boston Scientific in 2021. Sauter was Farapulse’s first employee. The acquired technology established Boston Scientific as a leader in the fast-growing PFA market.  
Slump, Mickelsen and Sauter are Atraverse’s CEO, chief translational science officer and chief operating officer, respectively. The company began a limited launch of Hotwire after receiving FDA clearance and raising $12.5 million in 2024. Atraverse expanded commercialization last year after raising $29.4 million. 
Nearly 100 cardiac electrophysiologists and interventional cardiologists have used Hotwire in almost 3,000 left-heart access procedures, Atraverse said. Physicians performed 29% of the procedures without fluoroscopy, an X-ray-based imaging technology, and achieved 100% procedural success in a multicenter first-in-human study of nearly 500 patients.
Atraverse told the FDA in its 510(k) filing that Hotwire is mostly identical to Boston Scientific’s ProTrack RF Anchor Wire. Differences included the radiofrequency generator, the availability of a smaller-diameter guidewire and a straight tip configuration, and the sterilization method. Atraverse said none of the differences raised new questions about safety or effectiveness.
J&J named impedance-sensing automatic energy shutoff, compatibility with multiple sheaths and clear tip visibility under intracardiac echocardiography as innovative features of Atraverse’s Hotwire system. 
J&J plans to complete the takeover in the second quarter. The company has not disclosed the value of the deal. 
Hotwire will slot into a cardiovascular disease portfolio that has driven growth at J&J, with sales at the unit rising 13% to $2.38 billion in the first quarter. Acquired products such as devices from Abiomed and Shockwave Medical have fueled the growth. 
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
With support from J&J’s venture capital arm and chip maker Nvidia, Moon is targeting a soft tissue surgery market dominated by Intuitive Surgical.
Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic and Abbott were among the top companies to announce layoffs this year as the industry implemented cost-cutting measures.
Subscribe to MedTech Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
With support from J&J’s venture capital arm and chip maker Nvidia, Moon is targeting a soft tissue surgery market dominated by Intuitive Surgical.
Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic and Abbott were among the top companies to announce layoffs this year as the industry implemented cost-cutting measures.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines