Title: Martin Marietta Appoints Christopher W. Samborski Chief Operating Officer
Date: 2026-04-27 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/martin-marietta-appoints-christopher-w-110000894.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
RALEIGH, N.C., April 27, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE: MLM) (Martin Marietta or the Company) a leading national supplier of aggregates and other building materials, today announced the appointment of Chris Samborski as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective May 1, 2026.
Mr. Samborski has extensive experience leading operating and finance teams. He most recently served as President of Martin Marietta’s West and Specialties Divisions, where he was responsible for the overall operations and strategic direction of those business units. Under his leadership, both the West and Specialties Divisions achieved significant growth and success. Mr. Samborski previously served in several other leadership positions at Martin Marietta, including Vice President of Strategic Finance, Procurement and Supply Chain. Prior to joining Martin Marietta in 2018, Mr. Samborski spent close to ten years in leadership roles at Caterpillar Inc. and Johnson & Johnson, building broad and deep experience in business strategy, operations management and continuous improvement.
“Chris is an experienced and skilled leader whose effective management has had a meaningful impact on Martin Marietta,” said Ward Nye, Chair and CEO of Martin Marietta. “Chris has been with our Company for nearly a decade, and he has consistently demonstrated a true commitment to Martin Marietta, our people, our culture and our ongoing pursuit of excellence. He is the ideal person to take on the COO role and to continue leading, alongside our deeply capable and talented team, as we guide our Company to even greater success.”
“I’m honored to take on this new opportunity, particularly during this period of strong performance and growth for our business,” said Mr. Samborski. “Martin Marietta closed out 2025 by delivering record results across the portfolio, and I look forward to working closely with our teams to build on this positive momentum in 2026 and beyond.”
With Mr. Samborski’s appointment, Kirk Light has assumed leadership of the West and Specialties Divisions while also retaining his historic duties as President of the Southwest Division.
About Chris Samborski
Mr. Samborski has held multiple leadership roles across operations and finance since joining Martin Marietta in 2018. Prior to serving as President of the West and Specialties Divisions, he was President of the Specialties Division (2022-2025), Vice President of Strategic Finance, Procurement and Supply Chain (2020-2021) and Vice President of Strategic Finance (2018-2020).
Before joining Martin Marietta, Mr. Samborski began his career with General Electric Company and was selected for and completed GE’s elite Operations Management Leadership Program. He subsequently held leadership roles at Johnson & Johnson as well as Caterpillar Inc. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA in Strategy and General Management from the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business.
About Martin Marietta
Martin Marietta, a member of the S&P 500 Index, is an American-based company and a leading supplier of aggregates and other building materials. Through a network of operations spanning 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas, dedicated Martin Marietta teams supply the resources necessary for building the solid foundations on which our communities thrive. Martin Marietta’s Specialties business provides high-purity magnesia and dolomitic lime products used worldwide in environmental, industrial, agricultural and other specialty applications. For more information, visit www.martinmarietta.com or www.magnesiaspecialties.com.
Investor Contact:Jacklyn Rooker Vice President, Investor Relations +1 (919) 510-4736 Jacklyn.Rooker@martinmarietta.com
MLM-G.

Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio