Title: After a Volatile Run, Here's the Honest Buy, Sell, or Hold on 3M
Date: 2026-04-26 12:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/26/after-a-volatile-run-heres-the-honest-buy-sell-or/?.tsrc=rss

The stock of Industrial giant 3M has been a bit of a rollercoaster ride, and the ride may not be over.
In the industrial sector, 3M (MMM +0.18%) has an iconic name and an impressive history. However, it has also been working through a very difficult period. Owning the stock has been a rollercoaster ride. The stock has been generally rising over the past three years, but investors shouldn't go in thinking that the volatility is over just yet. 
There are many things to like about 3M. For example, it is an iconic industrial giant with a broadly diversified portfolio. While the dividend was reduced in 2024 following a spin-off (more on this move below), it has a long history of rewarding investors with dividend increases. In fact, the dividend has already been increased twice since the reduction, showing that the dividend is back in growth mode.
Image source: Getty Images.
The business, meanwhile, is doing reasonably well, with adjusted earnings up 10% in 2025. Adjusted earnings rose nearly 14% in the first quarter of 2026. Add in a well above market 2.1% dividend yield, and you can see why long-term growth and income focused investors might find the stock appealing.
That said, 3M has been a very volatile stock, and the business has changed dramatically over the past few years. The biggest event was the spin-off of Solventum (SOLV 3.25%). That company is basically 3M's former healthcare division, which was its fastest-growing business. Management spun that business off to raise the cash it needed to address material legal issues related to earplugs it sold to the military and to forever chemicals it has long produced. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
The Solventum spin-off was the right move and gives 3M significant leeway to address its legal troubles. However, those legal headwinds aren't over yet and are likely to remain a dark cloud for years to come. Worse, the company can't actually provide much information about the legal proceedings, so investors don't have a good way to track what is going on. If you don't like uncertainty, 3M is a stock you should probably consider selling. Notably, one of the adjustments made to adjusted earnings in 2025 was to remove $1.95 per share of litigation-related expenses.
If you have owned 3M for a few years, you have lived through a rough period. The stock is up nearly 70% over the past three years, but down 11% over the past five years. And it is currently off its 52-week high by nearly 15%. But, if you have owned through this rollercoaster ride, there's no particular reason to sell it now unless you are tired of the volatility. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
In the long term, 3M is likely to resolve its legal issues and continue to grow its business, albeit more slowly than before, following the Solventum spinoff. Just recognize that volatility is likely to persist for a while as Wall Street continues to react to legal news, the company's financial results, and the typical volatility of the cyclical industrial sector.

 


Before you buy stock in 3M, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and 3M wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Reuben Gregg Brewer has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M. The Motley Fool recommends Solventum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends