Title: 2 Mega-Cap Stocks to Target This Week and 1 We Turn Down
Ticker: MCD
Published: 2026-04-15T12:30:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-mega-cap-stocks-target-113027556.html?.tsrc=rss

"Too big to fail" is how we would describe the megacap stocks in this article today. While they will likely stand the test of time, it’s not all sunshine and rainbows as their scale can limit their ability to find new sources of growth.
This dynamic can trouble even the most skilled investors, but luckily for you, we started StockStory to help you navigate these trade-offs and uncover exceptional companies that break the mold. That said, here are two industry titans whose competitive advantages create flywheel effects and one whose momentum may slow.
Market Cap: $222 billion
With operations in nearly 160 countries and a history dating back to 1812, Citigroup (NYSE:C) is a global financial services company that provides banking, investment, wealth management, and payment solutions to consumers, corporations, and governments.
Why Are We Wary of C?
Large revenue base makes it harder to expand quickly, and its annual net interest income growth of 6.6% over the last five years was below our standards for the banking sector
Estimated net interest income growth of 3.5% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its five-year trend
Earnings per share lagged its peers over the last five years as they only grew by 2.5% annually
Citigroup’s stock price of $129.98 implies a valuation ratio of 1.1x forward P/B. Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than C.
Market Cap: $215.5 billion
With nicknames spanning Mickey D's in the U.S. to Makku in Japan, McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) is a fast-food behemoth known for its convenience and broken ice cream machines.
Why Are We Positive On MCD?
Bold push to open new restaurants demonstrates an ambitious strategy to establish itself in underpenetrated territories
Asset-lite franchise model is reflected in its superior unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 57.1%
Robust free cash flow margin of 26.2% gives it many options for capital deployment
McDonald's is trading at $303.41 per share, or 23.1x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $457.6 billion
Recognizable by its iconic "Priceless" advertising campaign that has run in over 120 countries, Mastercard (NYSE:MA) operates a global payments network that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, and businesses, enabling electronic transactions and providing payment solutions.
Why Will MA Outperform?
Impressive 16.5% annual revenue growth over the last five years indicates it’s winning market share this cycle
Share repurchases over the last five years enabled its annual earnings per share growth of 21.5% to outpace its revenue gains
Stellar return on equity showcases management’s ability to surface highly profitable business ventures
At $513.25 per share, Mastercard trades at 25.9x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
ONE MORE THING: Top 5 Growth Stocks. The biggest stock winners almost always had one thing in common before they ran. Revenue growing like crazy. Meta. CrowdStrike. Broadcom. Our AI flagged all three. They returned 315%, 314%, and 455%, respectively.
Find out which 5 stocks it's flagging for this month — FREE.  Get Our Top 5 Growth Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today.