Title: McDonald’s Puts Red Bull On The Menu
Ticker: MCD
Published: 2026-04-14T13:21:01
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/14/mcdonalds-puts-red-bull-on-the-menu/?.tsrc=rss

Red Bull is an enormous energy drink company. It sold 14 billion cans last year, generating $14 billion in revenue. Its primary benefit to buyers is its high level of caffeine.
Red Bull only has two major competitors. One in Monster (NASDAQ: MNST), which has a market cap of $73 billion. The other is Celsius (NASDAQ: CELH), which is gaining market share every year. It has a market cap of $9 billion. PepsiCo (NASDAQ: PEP | PEP Price Prediction) owns 11% of the company.
McDonald’s (NYSE: MCD) has just signed a deal to sell Red Bull Dragonberry Energizer
The Wall Street Journal obtained confidential documents showing it would add Red Bull, Dirty Dr. Pepper, and Mango Pineapple Refresher. They should hit McDonald’s locations in August.
McDonald’s and its major competition are looking for an edge each time they change their menus. McDonald’s has 49% of the fast food market in the US. Yum! Brands (NYSE: YUM) is second at 31%. Yums owns KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut. It has a wider menu range than McDonald’s, but it is not a place in the burger segment.
READ: The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks
McDonald’s and the balance of the industry test more than menu items. The current battle among them focuses on menu price. Earlier this month, McDonald’s launched a $3 menu and a $4 breakfast. The $3 menu includes McChicken, McDouble, 4-Piece Chicken McNuggets, small Fries, and a medium Soft Drink. Lower-income visitors are pinched for money, McDonald’s believes. The $3 menu keeps these customers. When the new menus were released, Alyssa Buetikofer, Chief Marketing and Customer Experience Officer, McDonald’s USA, said, “As our customers’ expectations evolve, we’re making it easier for them to get the value they’re looking for – on their terms. McValue offers more choice, more flexibility, and more ways to build a meal that fits their day and budget.”
When earnings were announced, CEO Chris Kempczinski commented on the low-priced meals, which had less spin. He said the decision to offer low-priced menus was to improve its “value & affordability scores.”
Kempczinski has delivered good results recently. In the most recent quarter, comparable sales worldwide were up 5.7%. Revenue rose 10% to $7 billion. EPS was up 8% to $3.03.
Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names. Get the free list of all 10 stocks here.