Title: Case-Shiller Home Prices Come in Muted
Date: 2026-04-28 15:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/case-shiller-home-prices-come-151100410.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Pre-markets are somewhat reversed this morning: after closing yesterday with the Dow closing in the red slightly and the Nasdaq and S&P 500 in the green, at this hour the Dow is up but the Nasdaq, S&P 500 and small-cap Russell 2000 are down. Oil prices are up again at this hour, sending futures off their early-morning highs.
The Strait of Hormuz remains closed at this hour, likely to remain so, as the latest proposal to open the major shipping channel appears to not find favor with the Trump administration. The war in Iran has already gone on weeks longer than originally anticipated, with no realistic end in sight at this time.
A Wall Street Journal article this morning on OpenAI having missed its quarterly targets is especially hitting the tech-heavy Nasdaq harder, sending the index down -319 points, -1.16%. The S&P 500 and the Russell 2000 are both -0.60% currently, while the blue-chip Dow is up +58 points, +0.12% at this hour.
Scoring one for lower inflation metrics (albeit in the rearview mirror), the Case-Shiller Home Price Index for February came in at +0.9% on the 20-city composite, down 30 basis points (bps) month over month. Higher mortgage rates for the month put downward pressure on pricing, and real home price returns have now been negative (rising slower than the rate of inflation) for now nine-straight months.
The top-performing cities were once again Chicago (+5.0%) and New York (4.7%), followed by Cleveland (+4.2%). Denver was the weakest market for the month, -2.2%, after several months of Tampa being the weakest market for home price growth. Los Angeles and Washington DC were also lower for the month.
BP BP shares are up following Q1 results that doubled earnings for the oil supermajor, a direct result of the war in Iran. Earnings of $1.24 per share outpaced the $0.91 in the Zacks consensus, leading to a +36.26% earnings surprise.
General Motors GM had an even better quarter on its bottom line: earnings of $3.70 per share zoomed ahead of the $2.61 consensus by +41.76%. A $500 million tariff refund has bolstered the U.S.’s top automaker, but shares are down -1.23% at this hour ahead of the open.
Coca-Cola KO shares are up +3.45% currently, after outperforming expectations on its bottom line by a solid nickel: 86 cents peer share versus 81 in the Zacks consensus, with the company’s strongest sales growth in nearly two years.
UPS UPS delivered a modest 3-cent earnings beat this morning to $1.07 per share, for a +2.88% earnings surprise. Yet declining volume domestically is weighing on the stock, which is -6% at this hour in pre-market trading.
Spotify SPOT surpassed earnings estimates this morning — $4.04 per share versus $3.72 anticipated — but shares are falling -11% ahead of the opening bell after missing full-year guidance, deepening from its -14% selloff year to date.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
General Motors Company (GM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Spotify Technology (SPOT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio