Title: Coca-Cola Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Organic Revenues Rise 10%
Date: 2026-04-28 15:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coca-cola-q1-earnings-beat-155400198.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The Coca-Cola Company KO has reported first-quarter 2026 results, with the bottom and top lines surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company’s revenues and earnings per share (EPS) improved year over year. The results have benefited from continued business momentum, aided by enhanced pricing across markets. This quarter’s results highlighted the strength of KO’s resilient, all-weather strategy.Coca-Cola has reported a comparable EPS of 86 cents in the first quarter, up 18% from the year-ago period. Comparable EPS also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 81 cents. Favorable currency translations aided the comparable EPS by three percentage points. Comparable currency-neutral EPS rose 15% year over year.Revenues of $12.47 billion grew 12% year over year and came above the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $12.30 billion. Organic revenues on an adjusted basis rose 10% from the prior-year quarter, led by growth across all operating segments. In the first quarter of 2026, KO gained a value share in the total non-alcoholic ready-to-drink beverages category.Shares of Coca-Cola gained 2.7% in the pre-market trading session following the solid results in the first quarter. The Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) stock has risen 2.7% in the past three months compared with the industry’s 1.7% growth.
In the reported quarter, concentrate sales grew 8% year over year, while the price/mix improved 2%. Concentrate sales were five points ahead of unit case volume, mainly owing to six additional days in the reported quarter, somewhat offset by the timing of concentrate shipments. Coca-Cola’s total unit case volume rose 3% year over year in the first quarter, led by growth in China, the United States and India.Our model predicted year-over-year organic revenue growth of 7.1% for the first quarter, with a 3.6% increase in the price/mix and a 3.4% rise in the concentrate sales volume.
CocaCola Company (The) price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | CocaCola Company (The) Quote
Regarding the cluster-category performance, the unit case volume grew 2% year over year for the sparkling soft drinks category. The trademark Coca-Cola’s unit volume rose 2%, buoyed by growth in Asia Pacific and North America. Coca-Cola Zero Sugar jumped 13%, backed by growth in all geographic operating segments. The unit case volume for Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light also climbed 6%, on growth in North America. Sparkling flavors grew 3%, mainly owing to growth in all geographic operating segments.Volume for juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages was down 1% in the first quarter, as increases in Asia Pacific were more than offset by decreases in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA).Unit volume for the water, sports, coffee and tea category was up 5% year over year in the first quarter. Coca-Cola witnessed 5% volume growth in the water category, driven by growth in all the geographic operating segments. Sports drinks rose 3%, driven by gains in North America and EMEA. The coffee business was flat year over year. The tea volume was up 8%, backed by growth in Latin America, the Asia Pacific and EMEA.
Reported revenues rose 12% year over year for North America, 6% for the Asia Pacific, 14% for Latin America, 13% for EMEA and 12% for Bottling Investments. Organic revenues jumped 12% year over year in North America, 5% in the Asia Pacific, 9% in Latin America, 11% in EMEA and 10% in Bottling Investments.
In dollar terms, the operating income rose 19% year over year to $1.84 billion, including a seven-point impact of currency headwinds. Comparable currency-neutral operating income advanced 12% on strong organic revenue growth across segments.The operating margin of 35% in the first quarter expanded 210 basis points (bps) in the prior-year quarter, including items affecting comparability and currency tailwinds. The comparable operating margin expanded 70 bps to 34.5%, backed by organic revenue growth and reduced operating costs, partly offset by increased input costs and higher marketing investments.Our model predicted the first-quarter operating margin to expand 150 bps year over year to 35.3%, driven by a 120-bps jump in the gross margin, offset by a 30-bps decline in the SG&A expense rate.
For 2026, Coca-Cola still anticipates organic revenue growth on an adjusted basis of 4-5%. Comparable net revenues are expected to include a 1-2% currency tailwind based on current rates and hedge positions. The guidance also includes a 4% negative impact of acquisitions and divestitures. The company anticipates an underlying effective tax rate of 19.9% for 2026.Comparable currency-neutral EPS for 2026 is expected to increase 6-7% year over year. The company anticipates comparable EPS growth of 8-9% for 2026 from the $3.00 reported in 2025. Comparable EPS growth is expected to include a currency tailwind of 3%. The EPS guidance also includes a 1% negative impact of acquisitions and divestitures.Management still envisions an adjusted free cash flow of $12.2 billion for 2026, including $14.4 billion in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditure is still likely to be $2.2 billion.For second-quarter 2026, comparable revenues and EPS are expected to include currency tailwinds of 1% and 3%, respectively. Both metrics are also estimated to include a 1% headwind from acquisitions and divestitures.
Freshpet, Inc. FRPT, which is a pet food company, currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Freshpet’s current financial-year sales indicates growth of 9.3% from the prior-year level. FRPT delivered a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 50%, on average.United Natural Foods UNFI, which is the leading distributor of natural, organic and specialty food and non-food products, currently carries a Zacks Rank of 2.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for United Natural Foods’ current financial-year earnings is expected to rise 254.9% from the year-ago reported figure. UNFI delivered a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 51.9%, on average.B&G Foods BGS, which has a diversified portfolio of brands, including B&G, B&M, Cream of Wheat, Las Palmas and more, currently carries a Zacks Rank of 2. BGS delivered a negative average earnings surprise of 19.5% in the trailing four quarters. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for BGS’ current financial-year earnings indicates growth of 5.9% from the year-ago number.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Freshpet, Inc. (FRPT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio