Title: Gear Up for UnitedHealth (UNH) Q1 Earnings: Wall Street Estimates for Key Metrics
Ticker: UNH
Published: 2026-04-16T14:15:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/gear-unitedhealth-unh-q1-earnings-131506934.html?.tsrc=rss

Analysts on Wall Street project that UnitedHealth Group (UNH) will announce quarterly earnings of $6.48 per share in its forthcoming report, representing a decline of 10% year over year. Revenues are projected to reach $109.45 billion, declining 0.1% from the same quarter last year.
The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 4.6% higher over the last 30 days to the current level. This reflects how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reevaluated their initial estimates during this timeframe.
Before a company announces its earnings, it is essential to take into account any changes made to earnings estimates. This is a valuable factor in predicting the potential reactions of investors toward the stock. Empirical research has consistently shown a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While investors typically use consensus earnings and revenue estimates as a yardstick to evaluate the company's quarterly performance, scrutinizing analysts' projections for some of the company's key metrics can offer a more comprehensive perspective.
With that in mind, let's delve into the average projections of some UnitedHealth metrics that are commonly tracked and projected by analysts on Wall Street.
Analysts predict that the 'Revenues- Investment and other income' will reach $977.63 million. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of -5.4%.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Premiums' should come in at $86.12 billion. The estimate points to a change of -0.5% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts forecast 'Revenues- Products' to reach $13.54 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +3.9% year over year.
The consensus estimate for 'Revenues- Services' stands at $9.25 billion. The estimate points to a change of +3.1% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Operating Statistics - Medical Care Ratio' reaching 85.7%. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 84.8%.
It is projected by analysts that the 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Total Commercial - Domestic' will reach 29.15 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 30.00 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The average prediction of analysts places 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic - Risk-based' at 7.04 million. Compared to the present estimate, the company reported 8.41 million in the same quarter last year.
Analysts expect 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic - Fee-based' to come in at 22.11 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 21.59 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus among analysts is that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Total Community and Senior' will reach 18.69 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 20.13 million.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Advantage' should arrive at 7.34 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 8.25 million.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Supplement (Standardized)' will likely reach 4.27 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 4.31 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Medicare Part D stand-alone' of 2.66 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 2.84 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
View all Key Company Metrics for UnitedHealth here>>>
UnitedHealth shares have witnessed a change of +10.5% in the past month, in contrast to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +6% move. With a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), UNH is expected closely follow the overall market performance in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research