Title: Goldman Sachs Alternatives Announces Strategic Investment in Kashable, Leading the Company’s Series 
Date: 2026-04-27 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-alternatives-announces-strategic-130000950.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
GS Investment underscores shared commitment to expanding responsible financial access, advancing economic mobility, and scaling a high-performance financial wellness platform that delivers meaningful impact
NEW YORK, April 27, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kashable, a mission-driven fintech platform redefining credit for working Americans, today announced a $60 million Series C funding round, led by Sustainable Investing at Goldman Sachs Alternatives, with participation from existing investors Revolution Ventures and EJF Ventures. Goldman Sachs Alternatives’ participation as the lead investor is a powerful validation of Kashable’s mission to solve the affordability crisis in America.
Goldman Sachs Alternatives is leading the Series C financing with a commitment of up to $50 million, including an initial $25 million investment and an additional $25 million to be funded in the coming months, subject to conditions, with participation from existing investors Revolution Ventures and EJF Ventures for additional $10 million.
Kashable partners with employers to provide employees with a suite of financial wellness services, including credit monitoring, financial coaching, and affordable credit, delivered as an employee benefit with deep integrations with HR and payroll systems. By aligning loan repayment with payroll, Kashable reduces credit risk, enabling it to offer employees lower-cost financing, helping employees address short-term financial needs without compromising long-term financial health and stability.
“We’re thrilled to partner with Goldman Sachs Alternatives,” said Rishi Kumar, co-founder and co-CEO of Kashable. “Employer-sponsored financial wellness, anchored by fair, transparent access to low-cost credit is rapidly becoming a core pillar of the next generation of consumer finance. Goldman Sachs Alternatives’ leadership in this round reinforces that Kashable’s approach represents a durable, institution-grade model for scaling comprehensive financial access through the workplace.”
The investment in Kashable closely aligns with Sustainable Investing at Goldman Sachs Alternatives’ mission to invest in high-growth companies delivering greater access, affordability, and outcomes for underserved populations.
“We believe access to responsible financial tools is a critical driver of economic mobility,” said Greg Shell, Partner and Head of Inclusive Growth at Goldman Sachs Alternatives. “Kashable has built a proven, scalable platform that empowers employers to play a meaningful role in their employees’ financial wellbeing, demonstrating that impact and strong performance can go hand in hand.”
As financial stress continues to be one of the leading causes of reduced productivity, absenteeism, and employee turnover, Kashable believes employers have a growing opportunity and responsibility to act. A well-designed financial wellness solution is a core workplace benefit, no less essential than healthcare or retirement plans, and access to credit is a core component of any financial wellness program. For employers, it represents a practical, high-impact way to reduce financial stress, improve retention, and support their workforce when it matters most.
“Our nation’s employers recognize that financial stability is foundational to employee wellbeing,” added Einat Steklov, co-founder and co-CEO of Kashable. “By investing in solutions that help close the gap between pay cycles and real life, employers can reduce financial stress, strengthen retention, and support their workforce with dignity and fairness.”
With the Series C funding, Kashable will continue expanding its employer footprint, deepening partnerships with its clients’ HR, benefits, and finance teams, and enhancing its data-driven platform to deliver great value to both employers and employees.
About Kashable
Kashable is a financial technology company that provides access to Socially Responsible Credit® and financial wellness solutions for employees, offered as a voluntary benefit. Kashable’s platform is available to over 4 million employees across hundreds of large employers nationwide. Founded in 2013, Kashable leverages innovative technology to improve the financial well-being of working Americans with a commitment to both reliability and affordability. Kashable offers a fast responsible alternative for employees who may otherwise turn to borrow from retirement plans, high-interest credit cards, or other high-cost options to bridge short-term gaps in their finances, creating a path to greater financial security. For more information, visit Kashable.com.
About Sustainable Investing at Goldman Sachs Alternatives
Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) is one of the leading investors in alternatives globally, with over $625 billion in assets and more than 30 years of experience. The business invests in the full spectrum of alternatives including private equity, growth equity, private credit, real estate, infrastructure, hedge funds and sustainability. Clients access these solutions through direct strategies, customized partnerships, and open-architecture programs. The business is driven by a focus on partnership and shared success with its clients, seeking to deliver long-term investment performance drawing on its global network and deep expertise across industries and markets.
The alternative investments platform is part of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, which delivers investment and advisory services across public and private markets for the world’s leading institutions, financial advisors and individuals. Goldman Sachs has more than $3.6 trillion in assets under supervision globally as of December 31, 2025. Follow us on LinkedIn.
A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/5c8e9399-0b18-48e9-9512-a94f9aaccc10
CONTACT: Media Contacts: For Kashable press@kashable.com For Goldman Sachs Asset Management Victoria Zarella (212) 902-5400 victoria.zarella@gs.com

Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio