Title: Adidas beats Nike in London_ Sabastian Sawe smashes sub-2-hour mark
Date: 2026-04-27 15:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/adidas-beats-nike-in-london-sabastian-sawe-smashes-sub-2-hour-mark-152423166.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Morning Brief Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Head of News Myles Udland discuss Sabastian Sawe’s historic sub-two-hour marathon. Adidas secures a major brand victory over Nike, signaling a potential shift in the competitive 'supershoe' market.
A track and field star Miles Udal is here to talk about uh the the marathon.
That's right. The world record in the marathon was set yesterday in London and it wasn't just set. The two-hour mark for the marathon was broken. and I remember as a high school and college athlete, you run, you kind of just you have lots of time to talk about a lot of random stuff. and we would talk a lot about the two-hour mark for the marathon as like this mythical thing. It's even far superior to me than the four-minute mile. So it's about 4:30 per mile for 26.2 miles. Two men yesterday go under this. Uh Sebastian Salway of Kenya, he's 31 years old. 159 30 in the marathon. Yumif Kajelcha of Ethiopia, 159 41. What's interesting about the two athletes if I can geek out for a little bit.
Do it.
Saway is basically just a road runner. So his whole career has been on the roads as an elite runner the last five years. Kajelcha, I mean, he I remember him on the track pre- pandemic. He's only like 27 or 28. He was like a teen sensation. He's got elite times at everything ranging from the mile all the way up to the marathon. Saway more of a specialist. Should also note Jacob Kiplimo was under the old World record yesterday as well. Um, and there is a business tie in. The winner, Sebastian Saway was wearing Adidas super shoes. And I think you remember the Nike, remember the Nike sponsored sub two marathon thing where you had a bunch of pacers, it was on a controlled track. Elliot Kipchoge broke two hours, but it wasn't officially sanctioned because it was a controlled environment. So that was in the Nike. I don't know exactly what shoes he was wearing, but Vaporfly is like the is the model and whatever exact Vaporfly model he was wearing. So now Adidas kind of has the lead in this super shoe world. Another loss for Nike, but really another uh grand achievement for humankind.
Well, and and what's so amazing is it's it's because in part because of technology, because of science that these guys are able to do this, right? Because it's not just about the shoes, it's about every I I find it so fascinating how the how these elite athletes train now, what goes into their bodies, you know, just they they science everything.
Yeah. So, uh I think there's a couple parts of that. First is, so the shoes make you fast like, so they have a carbon plate, so you get more return from the road. So it's more efficient stride. That's not just a race day benefit. That's also in training. So, you can train harder and have less impact. Anyone who runs knows the impact on your legs. Now, I mean, these guys are probably what, 120, 125 pounds, like, um, you know, they're they're elite athletes, but being able to train harder for longer and have less damage on your legs because of the shoes is a benefit. Um, the other part that has been a big change uh in elite circles in the last 10 years is the nutrition part of it. How many gels you're taking on? So basically little like little sugar, I don't know if you people may or may not have gels. They're like these they they're gel, um, little packs of sugar essentially.
Yeah, you just like
Yeah. Um, how many you can take? You people train much more aggressively to take more on as they're training so their body can take more during the race. So the body is essentially fueled the whole way. Um the concept of bonking for people who have either been cyclist or runners or whatever, like that you just run out of fuel, you know, let's say 22 miles in. I mean you'll see it come November, like there's just going to be people in Central Park who are just they just can't move anymore. They've just completely run out of fuel, but at the elite levels, there's been so much work on how much fuel you can take on during a marathon. That does not happen anymore for someone who's an elite. And then there's the training methods around running shorter but twice a day now. Uh how much you can run at threshold. I mean, people will run, take their blood during the run to see if they're at a cer are they at LT1, LT2? Do they need to go faster, slower? And I mean it was only 15, 20, I guess it was 15 years ago that, you know, I was in college running and it feels like I know it's the dark ages now compared to what the times the college athletes run, the times professional athletes run and all the advances. Um, it's really been incredible to see.
Are you are you going to get some Adidas as a result of this?
I'm not running fast enough these days to justify $500 pair of shoes.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio