Title: Adidas stock boosted after record-breaking London Marathon win
Date: 2026-04-27 20:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/adidas-stock-boosted-after-record-breaking-london-marathon-win-204336526.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma joins Market Domination to discuss Adidas' (ADDYY) stock jump following Sebastian Sawe's history-making victory in the 2026 London Marathon. Sawe became the first person to break the two-hour barrier in an official race with a world-record time of 1:59:30.
Bloomberg has this story saying Adidas has reason to celebrate basically, Brooke, because they they got a boost after not just one, not one, but two runners break the two air two-hour marathon barrier in London and both were wearing this same Adidas shoe, this new ultra light $500 racing shoe.
Yeah, that's the key. This ultra light shoe that ultimately allows you to propel faster. It seems like it's also able to in carbon plated. So therefore it helps propel you faster. easier to run in. I mean, under two hours, this goes to show that this technology within the shoe is absolutely unbelievable. I mean, these runners came in at 1 hour and 59 minutes and 30 seconds, right under two hours, the second runner coming in at 1 59 41. Essentially, this means that they're pacing around a 4 12 minute mile. Absolutely insane. It's incredible. It blows my mind. But then both these runners were pacing out together and then sort of the last 24th mile, it came to came to the two of them and they were sort of uh you know, one was the winner and one was about 12 seconds behind.
Crazy. That's unbelievable.
How much credit do you give the credit to the shoe or the athlete? Or you think it's a combination?
I think it's a combo. As a as a one-time marathon runner myself back in 2021, I did run in Brooks. I like to switch between Brooks and on running.
Do you think if you had the shoe would have saved some hours off your after your time?
Hours, probably not. Probably not. I was not very fast. But at the same exact time, I mean, this is a $500 shoe. I don't think that the everyday runner including myself is going out and buying this $500 shoe. I'll splurge on some good running shoes.
But nice headline for Adidas.
I mean a huge headline. And this just shows to show in in recent years, they've been looking to compete with Nike. Nike really kind of needed this win, especially as that turnaround under CEO Elliot Hill takes place. Didn't get it here. Adidas ultimately came out on top. And so we'll see what happens here. They did say that this shoe though, has led to three world records and over 30 plus key road race wins.
And only $500. Come on, let's go buy it.
Only $500.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio