Title: Tariffs, Volatility, and Nike_ Is It Still a Long-Term Buy_
Date: 2026-04-27 07:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/27/tariffs-volatility-nike-long-term-buy/?.tsrc=rss

Despite being the worldwide leader in sportswear, the Swoosh is on a losing streak.
There's no denying it. Artificial intelligence has been the hottest topic in recent years. But over the past 12 months, tariffs have attracted investor attention. And Nike (NKE 0.24%), a business with a global supply chain, has felt the negative effects.
What's more, the market has been anything but smooth this year. As geopolitical tensions rose with the start of the Iran war in late February, the S&P 500 index dropped 5% in March.
Nike shares continue to feel the pain in this uncertain environment, as they are down 30% in 2026 (as of April 24) and significantly off their peak. In the face of tariffs and volatility, is this consumer discretionary stock still a long-term buy?
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Nike holds a leadership position in the global sportswear market. However, that doesn't mean its success is guaranteed. The company hasn't proven in recent years that it's worthy of being a long-term investment.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
This wasn't always the case. During the five-year period leading up to its record high in November 2021, the stock price surged 255% higher. This happened on the back of fundamental strength. Between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2021, Nike's diluted earnings per share climbed at a nearly 11% annualized rate.
This certainly looked like a solid investment candidate at the time, boosted by the robust market environment in 2021. But investors are struggling to adopt a positive mindset today. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
While tariffs and volatility are headline topics that get a lot of attention, they aren't the most important variables impacting Nike's operations. This business has struggled for years now. Investors should turn their attention to the fundamentals. 
Nike's problems stemmed from internal strategic blunders. It flooded the market with an inventory glut of classic footwear that lost its appeal. The previous CEO, understandably, focused the business more on direct-to-consumer channels than wholesale partnerships. And a lack of exciting product innovation opened up the door to competitive threats.
It's not all Nike's fault, however. To be fair, the surprise shift in trade policies was something completely outside its control. 
Nonetheless, it has definitely hurt Nike. The leadership team said in December that higher tariffs would add an incremental $1.5 billion to product costs in the U.S. This resulted in gross margin contraction of 300 basis points in the latest quarter. The good news, though, is that trade-related headwinds should stabilize in the first quarter of 2027. 
It's clear that a successful turnaround won't happen overnight. "It's taken longer than I would like," CEO Elliott Hill said on the Q3 2026 earnings call.
Until Nike's revenue and profit base start growing sustainably, this consumer discretionary stock is not worthy of your hard-earned savings.

 


Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Neil Patel has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends