Title: Jim Cramer Makes Big Claim About Microsoft (MSFT) & SpaceX IPO
Ticker: MSFT
Published: 2026-04-16T17:48:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-makes-big-claim-164841695.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published Jim Cramer Said Allbirds Management Are "Jokers" & Discussed These 18 Stocks. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Technology giant Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s stock is up by a modest 5% over the past year. Cramer hasn’t missed the weakness either, as he has discussed the firm several times over the past couple of months. One aspect that he has frequently commented on is Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s Copilot software. The CNBC TV host believes that Copilot is struggling to compete in its market and needs to attract a larger user base. Benchmark initiated coverage of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s stock on April 1st, as it set a Buy rating and a $450 share price target. The lackluster share price performance was on the financial firm’s mind as it remarked that it could present a buying opportunity. One of the top news items in the market recently has been SpaceX’s IPO and Cramer has commented that it can attract capital away from other stocks. He reiterated this opinion while discussing Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT):
“But David, do you understand, that they’re going to have to take capital away from all these big cap stocks. So if you’re buying Microsoft right here, and this deal happens, you know Microsoft is not going to be at the price that it’s selling at. . .it’s 370, well you know, alright, how did Microsoft get to 325? I mean that’s my big worry.”
Photo by Microsoft Edge on Unsplash
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.