Title: Greenland Energy signs Halliburton for Jameson Land Basin drilling
Date: 2026-04-28 13:57
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/greenland-energy-halliburton-jameson-basin-drilling/?.tsrc=rss

Greenland Energy plans to drill two wells this year in the Jameson Land Basin, which covers approximately two million acres.
Greenland Energy has formalised an agreement with Halliburton to secure integrated consulting and logistical management services for its onshore drilling campaign in the Jameson Land Basin in Greenland.
The arrangement covers planning, coordination and transportation of equipment, as well as drilling and well services.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
Greenland Energy recently completed a year of preparation for the project in East Greenland.
The company plans to drill two wells this year in the Jameson Land Basin, which covers around two million acres and features several identified drilling targets.
Greenland Energy CEO Robert Price said: “Greenland Energy Company’s agreement with Halliburton is another pivotal milestone as we execute our 2026 drilling programme and build on the momentum following our NASDAQ listing.
“By working with Halliburton, we can tap into world-class expertise and advanced technologies that will enhance drilling accuracy, safety and efficiency under Arctic conditions.
“This agreement strengthens our operational platform and emphasises our commitment to technical excellence and responsible development in a frontier basin.”
Greenland Energy recently signed a five-year drilling agreement with Stampede Drilling to support the Jameson Land Basin operations. Prior to this, Greenland Energy entered into a logistics agreement with Canadian maritime operator Desgagnés to support cargo transportation pertaining to the same project.
According to Greenland Energy, the agreements with the three companies are intended to support an integrated operational approach to Arctic drilling, covering rig performance, logistics and subsurface technology.
Listed on Nasdaq, Greenland Energy engages in energy exploration activities with a focus on the development of Greenland’s hydrocarbon reserves, particularly in the Jameson Land Basin. The company was formed last month following the merger of Pelican Holdco, Pelican Acquisition, March GL and Greenland Exploration.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.