Title: Best CD rates today, April 28, 2026_ Lock in up to 4.05% APY today
Date: 2026-04-28 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/banking/article/best-cd-rates-today-april-28-2026-lock-in-up-to-4-0-5-apy-today-100000778.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See our Advertiser Disclosure.
Deposit account rates are on the decline — but the good news is you can lock in a competitive return on a certificate of deposit (CD) today and preserve your earning power. In fact, the best CDs still pay rates above 4%. Read on for a snapshot of CD rates today and where to find the best offers.
CDs today typically offer rates significantly higher than traditional savings accounts. Currently, the best short-term CDs (six to 12 months) generally offer rates around 4% APY.
Today, the highest CD rate is 4.05% APY. This rate is offered by Marcus by Goldman Sachs on its 9-month CD.
The following is a look at some of the best CD rates available today from our verified partners.
The 2000s were marked by the dot-com bubble and later, the global financial crisis of 2008. Though the early 2000s saw relatively higher CD rates, they began to fall as the economy slowed and the Federal Reserve cut its target rate to stimulate growth. By 2009, in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the average one-year CD paid around 1% APY, with five-year CDs at less than 2% APY.
The trend of falling CD rates continued into the 2010s, especially after the Great Recession of 2007-2009. The Fed's policies to stimulate the economy (in particular, its decision to keep its benchmark interest rate near zero) led banks to offer very low rates on CDs. By 2013, average rates on 6-month CDs fell to about 0.1% APY, while 5-year CDs returned an average of 0.8% APY.
However, things changed between 2015 and 2018, when the Fed started gradually increasing rates again. At this point, there was a slight improvement in CD rates as the economy expanded, marking the end of nearly a decade of ultra-low rates. However, the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 led to emergency rate cuts by the Fed, causing CD rates to fall to new record lows.
The situation reversed following the pandemic as inflation began to spiral out of control. This prompted the Fed to hike rates 11 times between March 2022 and July 2023. In turn, this led to higher rates on loans and higher APYs on savings products, including CDs.
Fast forward to September 2024 — the Fed finally decided to start cutting the federal funds rate after it determined that inflation was essentially under control. The Fed cut rates three times in 2025 and we're seeing CD rates steadily come down from their peak. Even so, CD rates remain high by historical standards.
Take a look at how CD rates have changed since 2009:
Traditionally, longer-term CDs have offered higher interest rates compared to shorter-term CDs. This is because locking in money for a longer period typically carries more risk (namely, missing out on higher rates in the future), which banks compensate for with higher rates.
However, this pattern doesn’t necessarily hold today; the highest average CD rate is for a 12-month term. This indicates a flattening or inversion of the yield curve, which can happen in uncertain economic times or when investors expect future interest rates to decline.
Read more: Short- or long-term CD: Which is best for you?
When opening a CD, choosing one with a high APY is just one piece of the puzzle. There are other factors that can impact whether a particular CD is best for your needs and your overall return. Consider the following when choosing a CD:
Your goals: Decide how long you're willing to lock away your funds. CDs come with fixed terms, and withdrawing your money before the term ends can result in penalties. Common terms range from a few months up to several years. The right term for you depends on when you anticipate needing access to your money.
Type of financial institution: Rates can vary significantly among financial institutions. Don't just check with your current bank; research CD rates from online banks, local banks, and credit unions. Online banks, in particular, often offer higher interest rates than traditional brick-and-mortar banks because they have lower overhead costs. However, make sure any online bank you consider is FDIC-insured (or NCUA-insured for credit unions).
Account terms: Beyond the interest rate, understand the terms of the CD, including the maturity date and withdrawal penalties. Also, check if there's a minimum deposit requirement and if so, that fits your budget.
Inflation: While CDs can offer safe, fixed returns, they might not always keep pace with inflation, especially for longer terms. Consider this when deciding on the term and amount to invest.