Title: Goldman Sachs Lifts UnitedHealth Target Price_ Healthcare ETFs to Watch
Date: 2026-04-27 16:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/goldman-sachs-lifts-unitedhealth-target-161700514.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Investment banker Goldman Sachs recently raised its price target for UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) shares from $400 to $435, citing the company’s increased full-year guidance, announced in its latest quarterly results release, as evidence of UnitedHealth’s long-term earnings growth potential (as cited in Investing.com).
Notably, Goldman Sachs expects UnitedHealth to return to at least 13% to 16% earnings per share growth over the next several years as it executes its business recovery.
While this upgrade, following UNH’s recently released better-than-expected first-quarter 2026 results, may tempt investors to add the stock to their portfolios immediately, a significant headwind remains on the horizon. Legislative changes enacted last year have led to major funding cuts in Medicaid for 2026, putting UNH’s Medicaid business under intense margin pressure. In fact, the company’s management has already signaled expectations for membership attrition and negative margins within this specific segment throughout the year.
However, for those who want to gain exposure to UnitedHealth’s growth while mitigating the idiosyncratic risks of its Medicaid business, diversified healthcare exchange-traded funds (ETFs) offer a more prudent path. By investing in funds where UNH is a top-10 holding, investors benefit from the company's strong medical cost management and declining medical care ratio (which improved to 83.9% in the first quarter), while spreading risk across other healthcare giants in pharma, biotech and medtech industries.
Before suggesting a few such ETFs for your portfolio, let’s take a detailed look at UnitedHealth’s first-quarter performance across key metrics and how analysts from different firms reacted to this result to get a hint of the whole picture.
UnitedHealth’s first-quarter adjusted earnings per share (EPS) surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 11.9%, while its revenues beat the consensus mark by 2.1%. On a year-over-year basis, the company delivered a solid performance on both counts.
Its first-quarter operating cost ratio came in at 13.8%, up year over year from 12.4%, reflecting the timing of targeted investments across operations, technology and care delivery as well as incremental investments in areas such as AI, customer experience, cybersecurity and community engagement.
UNH was successful in bringing its debt-to-capital ratio down to 42.9% by the end of the first quarter and remains on track to end this year with its goal of achieving a 40% debt-to-capital ratio.
From the viewpoint of the share buyback program, the company initiated share repurchases earlier than anticipated and expects to deploy at least $2 billion by the end of the second quarter of 2026.
As far as its Optum Rx business is concerned, UnitedHealth started 2026 by onboarding more than 800 new clients, while reducing contact call center volume 25% through enhanced digital and AI-enabled self-service, with member satisfaction reaching more than 95%.
Within areas like consumer member experience, UNH recently launched Avery, a generative AI chatbot answering member questions for UnitedHealthcare. The company aims to expand this chatbot to include over 20 million members by the end of 2026.
Meanwhile, Optum Real, an AI-first platform that UNH launched a couple of quarters ago, now has 0.5 billion transactions year to date, with the company expecting to close the year at over 2.5 billion transactions.
Following UNH’s Q1 results, analysts from varied firms, apart from Goldman Sachs, have upgraded their price target for this stock, showing renewed optimism in its progress.
For example, Morgan Stanley recently raised its price target on UNH from $375 to $395, while maintaining its “Overweight” rating. Other renowned institutions like Deutsche Bank raised its price target on UnitedHealth from $304 to $360, while maintaining a Hold rating, following the company’s first-quarter results.
iShares U.S. Healthcare Providers ETF IHF
This fund, with net assets worth $738.8 million, provides exposure to 60 U.S. companies that provide health insurance, diagnostics and specialized treatment. Of these, UnitedHealth Group takes the first spot, accounting for a 26.50% share. CVS Health CVS (12.49%) and HCA Healthcare (7.38%) hold the second and third positions in this fund, respectively.
IHF charges 38 basis points (bps) in fees. It traded at a good volume of 1.24 million shares in the last trading session.
iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF IYH
This fund, with net assets worth $2.84 billion, provides exposure to 103 U.S. healthcare equipment and services, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology companies. Of these, UnitedHealth Group takes the fourth spot, accounting for a 5.99% share. Pharma giants Eli Lily LLY (13.12%), Johnson & Johnson JNJ (10.15%) and AbbVie ABBV (6.52%) hold the top three spots in this fund.
IYH charges 38 bps in fees. It traded at a volume of 0.40 million shares in the last trading session.
Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT
With net assets of $16.2 billion, this fund provides exposure to 407 companies engaged in health care equipment manufacturing, health care services, and the research, development, and marketing of pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products. Of these, UnitedHealth Group takes the fifth spot, accounting for a 3.94% share. LLY (11.89%), JNJ (9.34%) and ABBV (6.18%) hold the top three spots in this fund.
VHT charges 9 bps in fees. It traded at a volume of 0.28 million shares in the last trading session. 
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CVS Health Corporation (CVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH): ETF Research Reports
Vanguard Health Care Index Fund ETF Shares (VHT): ETF Research Reports
iShares U.S. Healthcare Providers ETF (IHF): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio