Title: Trump Discusses Iran Proposal With Aides, White House Says
Date: 2026-04-28 01:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-discusses-iran-proposal-with-aides-white-house-says-015310659.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- The White House said US officials were discussing Iran’s latest proposal but maintained “red lines” on any deal to end the eight-week war, including preventing Tehran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The $1 Million Retirement Myth: Here’s What to Save Instead
White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters Monday that President Donald Trump convened national security officials to review the proposal. “His red lines with respect to Iran have been made very, very clear,” she said, adding that Trump would address the matter “very soon.”
The comments followed reports that Tehran proposed an interim deal to reopen the Strait of Hormuz in exchange for Washington ending its blockade of Iranian ports, while postponing more complex negotiations over the country’s nuclear program.
Foreign leaders have expressed frustration. German Chancellor Friedrich Merz said the US was being “humiliated” by Iranian leaders and that he can’t figure out what exit the Americans are pursuing.
Separately, Iran’s Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi, on a visit to Russia, told President Vladimir Putin that Tehran was committed to strengthening the partnership between their nations. Iran has also signaled nuclear negotiations could be deferred, Axios reported.
An interim accord would reflect views among analysts and some governments that reopening the strait should come first to ease pressure on energy markets, leaving nuclear issues for later talks.
Trump, however, has said Iran’s nuclear program must be resolved in any deal, and the blockade will remain until then to pressure Iran by choking off its oil exports.
The first liquefied natural gas shipment since the war began appears to have traversed the Strait of Hormuz to exit the Persian Gulf. The Mubaraz — which loaded a cargo in the United Arab Emirates around early March — is passing the southern tip of India, according to ship-tracking data on Tuesday.
Investors remain largely focused on a growing supply crunch created by the virtual standstill of flows through the strait. Oil held gains as market players weighed the next steps. Brent crude traded near $108 a barrel after advancing 2.8% on Monday.
Here’s more on the US-Iran talks:
The Wall Street Journal reported that Trump and his advisers were wary of the Iranian proposal, particularly regarding the country’s nuclear program. Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican and longtime Trump ally, said in a post on X: “Clearly, if this offer is accurate, Iran is playing games. Mr. President, stick to your guns for the good of the nation and the world.”
Secretary of State Marco Rubio said in a Fox News interview that “if what they mean by opening the straits is, ‘yes, the straits are opened, as long as you coordinate with Iran, get our permission, or we will blow you up and you pay us,’ — that’s not opening the straits.”
Iranian media said Araghchi would tell mediator Pakistan the conflict could end if the US lifts its naval blockade, agrees to a new legal framework for strait traffic and guarantees no future military action.
“We must ensure the rights of the Iranian people after 40 days of resistance and secure the country’s interests,” Araghchi said, according to state-run Islamic Republic News Agency.
“There is a high degree of alignment between Iran and Oman” on the future of the strait, Araghchi said, according to IRNA.
Iran has previously said it wants to toll traffic moving through Hormuz and share the revenue with Oman, which sits across the strait.
Israel’s preferred option would be for the US to maintain the blockade on Hormuz while allies prepare for any resumption of hostilities, according to an Israeli official familiar with the discussions, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
Israeli strikes in southern Lebanon on Sunday killed 14 people, Lebanese state media reported, citing the country’s health ministry. The victims included two children. Trump said Lebanon and Israel, which has waged a conflict against Iran-backed Hezbollah, agreed to extend a ceasefire by three weeks until around mid-May. Yet both Israel and Hezbollah continue to accuse each other of attacks that violate the truce terms.
In a statement Monday, Hezbollah’s Secretary-General Naim Qasem rejected the Lebanese government’s direct negotiations with Israel. The group, Qasem said, would not back down against Israel or relinquish its weapons.
--With assistance from John Bowker, Devika Krishna Kumar, John Harney, Derek Wallbank, Jordan Fabian, Jon Herskovitz and Laura Davison.
(Updates with data indicating LNG shipment exiting Hormuz in paragraph eight.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
FanDuel Is Playing Catch-Up on Prediction Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio