Title: Goldman Sachs Predicts $100 Oil Through the End of 2026 if Flows Don't Normalize Soon. Here's What T
Date: 2026-04-27 17:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/27/goldman-sachs-predicts-100-oil-through-the-end-of/?.tsrc=rss

Oil prices are increasingly likely to stay higher for longer.
Oil prices are moving higher today. Brent, the global oil benchmark, rose more than 2% by mid-morning on Monday to over $100 a barrel amid a continued stalemate in peace talks between the U.S. and Iran. While Iran reportedly submitted a proposal to reopen the Strait of Hormuz, it would mean postponing talks about its nuclear program. 
If the Strait of Hormuz doesn't normalize by the end of July, Brent will likely end the year over $100 a barrel, according to a new prediction by Goldman Sachs. Here's what fuels that view and what it means for oil stocks.
Image source: Getty Images.
Goldman Sachs initially forecast that Brent oil would end this year at $60 a barrel. However, it now expects oil to be well above that price point, with the final level dependent on when the Strait of Hormuz reopens and full oil flows resume. 
The investment bank's current base case is that the oil flows through the Strait of Hormuz will fully recover by the end of June. Under this scenario, regional output would remain about 500,000 barrels of oil per day below the pre-war level due to production shut-ins at oil wells. If this scenario plays out, Brent would likely end the year below $90 a barrel. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
However, in a more adverse case, Brent would average just over $100 a barrel by year-end. This scenario assumes that exports from the Gulf don't normalize until the end of July. It also assumes a 500,000-barrel-per-day reduction in production capacity due to shut-in wells. Under this scenario, Brent would likely reach more than $120 a barrel within the next two months and then steadily decline. 
Goldman Sachs has also modeled a severely adverse case in which oil flows recover only about 70% of pre-war capacity due to a greater-than-anticipated impact from production shut-ins. Under this scenario, Brent would hit more than $140 a barrel over the next few months before tapering off to around $120 by year-end. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 
All of Goldman Sachs' scenarios predict that oil prices will end this year much higher than initially anticipated. Even in the bank's benign scenario (flows fully recover by mid-June with no production hit and more supply support from the U.S. and OPEC), Brent would fall to just under $80 by year-end. 
The likelihood of continued elevated oil prices will benefit oil companies, most of which budgeted for much lower oil prices this year. For example, Chevron (CVX +1.86%) completed several major expansion projects last year and closed its acquisition of Hess. Add in cost-savings initiatives, and Chevron can generate an additional $12.5 billion of free cash flow this year at $70 Brent oil. Chevron estimates that every $1 change in Brent will increase its cash flow by $600 million this year. An average Brent price of $90 would boost its earnings by another $12 billion this year. The company will likely return most of this windfall to shareholders by repurchasing shares at the high end of its $10 billion to $20 billion annual target range. 
Meanwhile, Occidental Petroleum (OXY +2.34%) initially expected to deliver a more than $1.2 billion improvement in its free cash flow this year, driven by capital and cost savings. Occidental is now on track to deliver an even bigger boost. The company estimates that every $1 change in oil prices will boost its annualized cash flows by $265 million. Occidental could use that extra cash to repay additional debt, opportunistically repurchase shares, increase capital spending to boost production, and accelerate the resumption of repurchasing Berkshire Hathaway's preferred stock investment. 
If oil doesn't start flowing through the Strait of Hormuz soon, oil prices will likely end the year above $100 a barrel. That would enable oil companies to generate a lot more cash flow than initially expected this year, which they can use to create more value for shareholders. This increasingly likely scenario suggests investors should consider buying oil stocks to capitalize on higher prices. 

 


Before you buy stock in Occidental Petroleum, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Occidental Petroleum wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $492,752!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,327,935!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 991% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2026. 

Matt DiLallo has positions in Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway, Chevron, and Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool recommends Occidental Petroleum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends