Title: Jim Cramer Says Oil Companies Like Chevron and Exxon “Have Classic Long-Term Approaches”
Date: 2026-04-27 19:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/jim-cramer-says-oil-companies-190539929.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) was on Jim Cramer’s Mad Money game plan for the week ahead. Ending his game plan with the company, Cramer said:
Finally, on Friday, let’s get boring. Chevron and Exxon are important. Now, these are usually placid affairs, but not this time. We’re going to listen closely, see if their plans have changed because of the war with Iran. I think these oil companies have classic long-term approaches, but they also know that you need to get the oil transported from one place to another. And now it’s easier to say get the oil out of Venezuela than it is anywhere in the Middle East.
Photo by Luis Ramirez on Unsplash
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is an integrated energy company that explores, produces, refines, and markets oil, natural gas, and petrochemical products. It is worth noting that when a caller inquired about Exxon on April 2, Cramer said:
Well, look, I think, you know, first of all, Chevron I like more than Exxon. I think they’re more forward-looking. So I would not, I don’t want you to cash out of Exxon for Chevron, but I’m just telling everybody else that’s the case. I think that, I’m going to speak as a portfolio manager myself for my Charitable Trust. I sold my oil, and it was a mistake, and it was clearly a mistake because we forget how important oil is to our country. We spoke to ONEOK today, just shows you the value of it. I think you should have one.
I’ve been trying to go back and forth with Jeff Marks about what to do. I would encourage you to stay in Exxon if you, if someone’s watching and listening and they don’t own one, go for Chevron. These are known as E&P plays, and I think you just own it, and take it from me as someone who wishes that he had not sold his one oil. It’s really good to have one. To be up 34% year to date is great… Just hold on. And new people who are thinking, wow, Jim really likes to own an oil, the oil that I like to own is Chevron.
While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years 
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio