Title: I'll die with my Apple stock_ Polcari
Date: 2026-04-28 16:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/ill-die-with-my-apple-stock-polcari-162835850.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
As earnings from Big Tech names like Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet, and Apple storm Wall Street, investors are rallying behind their favorite names. For Trader Talk host Kenny Polcari, that name is Apple, which he says he will keep buying until the very end. Polcari discussed his stance with Interactive Brokers Chief Strategist Steve Sosnick and Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi.
do you think, do you think that, you know, Meta is going to get hit because people are going to be concerned about the capX, but yet Google's going to be fine? Do you think it's going to be all the same? Do you think do you think there's going to be differentiation?
I think there will be differentiation, but I can't, I can't tell you which because I'm not an analyst on either on any of these companies.
And nor a trader.
Go ahead, Brian. Tell me in. Tell me in. Uh Microsoft..
Yeah, I knew you were coming. Microsoft, uh I'm really concerned about the quarter-over quarter growth rate in um Azure. That is always the sticking point. in those couple minutes right after earnings, that growth rate, if I'm right, decelerated a little bit in the last quarter, market did not like that. Amazon, same deal, very focused on Amazon Web Services sales. That number is poised to accelerate this year in part because of that uh further tie up with Anthropic. Very good. Apple, I need to hear John Turnus on this earnings call when they report. I need to hear his voice. Not a lot of people know who the hell this guy even is. He's about to take over Apple. And then Google, that company has been hitting home runs the past four quarters. I want another home run and the market expects another home run.
Right. But Apple, this is going to be Timmy Cook's last
Yeah. last earnings announcement, right? He's still on. I think he's I think doesn't come in until the fall. September 1st.
He said, yeah, he said,
So we may get we may get Cook in July. So we're not
Oh, right, in July.
Right, because he's stepping down, he's stepping down September 1st. We should get, we should get him on the July call. But to Brian's point, I mean, I don't know who I don't know who this guy is.
I forgot somebody made a good point to me last. I'm not even sure anyone who I had no idea who this guy was.
Yeah, he's like a rock star internally, but to the outside world, to like the average investor earning Apple, they haven't heard of this freaking guy at all. But the thing is, I don't think they would have announced this CEO shift if the quarter was going to suck.
I agree.
Yeah. There.
I agree. And look, I'm in the position that it's funny, I own Apple, the firm own Apple. I'll just, I'm going to die with my Apple. Apple's not a name that I trade. I'm just going to die with it. So, you know, if Apple gets hit, I'll use it as an opportunity to buy more, right? If it takes off, I'm not going to do anything. But but and that's the same way with Microsoft, I feel the same way. I don't own Meta and I don't own Google. I missed those boats, I just never get in. Um, but Microsoft I still view as a as an opportunity because it's still, it's still negative on the year. um, even though it's had this big rally off the lows. Uh, but I'm looking for that one to actually, if that gets hit, I'd be a buyer of Microsoft.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio