Title: Google Signs Deal to Allow AI in Classified Military Work
Date: 2026-04-28 20:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/google-signs-deal-allow-ai-204628466.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
(Bloomberg) -- Google has reached an agreement with the US Defense Department to allow its artificial intelligence systems to be used for classified military work, according to a Pentagon official, a deal that came together as researchers at the company protested against it.
Most Read from Bloomberg
UAE Quits OPEC as War Upends Oil Markets and Gulf Tensions Rise
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
The deal was signed at 4 p.m. on Monday, according to a person familiar with the matter.
A spokesperson for Alphabet Inc.’s Google told Bloomberg News that the company had amended its contract with the Pentagon. While many details of the deal remain unclear, the spokesperson said it included providing the Pentagon with API access, giving the agency the ability to connect directly with the company’s software, but it didn’t entail custom work or model development.
“We believe that providing API access to our commercial models, including on Google infrastructure, with industry-standard practices and terms, represents a responsible approach to supporting national security,” a company spokesperson said in a statement.
“We remain committed to the private and public sector consensus that AI should not be used for domestic mass surveillance or autonomous weaponry without appropriate human oversight,” the spokesperson added. Both the Pentagon official and the person famililar with the matter asked not to be named to discuss contractual issues.
The amended contract represents a significant new milestone in Google’s provision of AI to the Pentagon, which has seen several instances of employees protesting the use of the company’s technology for some military uses. The most recent happened on Monday, when hundreds of AI researchers sent a letter to Alphabet Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai urging him to refuse to make the company’s AI systems available for classified workloads for US defense missions.
“We are Google employees who are deeply concerned about ongoing negotiations between Google and the US Department of Defense,” reads the letter, which was provided to Bloomberg. “As people working on AI, we know that these systems can centralize power and that they do make mistakes.”
Google workers in 2018 also protested the company’s use of its technology for Project Maven, a Pentagon initiative to use AI to analyze drone footage that has become the heart of how America makes war. The protests prompted the company to pledge not to make weapons and other potentially harmful technologies. Google said at the time that its work on Project Maven was intended for “non-offensive purposes,” but in the face of protests and concerns that such technology could lead to lethal outcomes, the company decided not to renew its contract for Maven.
Big Take: Pentagon, Anthropic and the Road to AI War (Podcast)
The deal also follows a breakdown between the Pentagon and Anthropic PBC earlier this year over the use of AI for military applications. The Pentagon is seeking to eject Anthropic and its Claude AI tool from US defense supply chains and has been casting around for new tech giant AI partners.
The Information previously reported on Google’s deal to provide its AI systems to the Pentagon for classified work “for any lawful government purpose.”
Google also dropped out of a $100 million Pentagon prize challenge to create technology for voice-controlled, autonomous drone swarms after it was among the successful submissions. The decision followed an internal ethics review, according to records referencing it that were reviewed by Bloomberg. Google officially cited a lack of “resourcing,” according to the records.
(Updates with new detail in the second paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio