Title: The wheels could be coming off the circular computing deal train
Date: 2026-04-28 22:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/wheels-could-coming-off-circular-223914453.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The big AI labs’ circular dealmaking, in which corporate investors invest capital in exchange for commitments of future contracts for computing resources, may be less failsafe than it seems.
OpenAI is now testing the underlying assumption that the AI labs will undoubtably grow large enough to meet those obligations.
The company has reportedly missed internal growth targets, and CFO Sarah Friar has warned that if revenue doesn’t accelerate, OpenAI could fail to pay for future computing contracts, according to The Wall Street Journal.
If that happens, it could significantly impact a number of companies that have been banking on the AI giant’s growth continuing.
Sign up for The Daily Pitch newsletter  Subscribe 
“The revenue miss matters more than the market is pricing in—OpenAI lost ground to Anthropic and Google in coding and enterprise earlier this year, and its infrastructure obligations now exceed $1.15 trillion across Oracle, Microsoft [and] Amazon,” said PitchBook senior analyst Harrison Rolfes, who focuses on the big three large language model providers. “If revenue growth doesn’t reaccelerate, those contracts become the most expensive fixed-cost bet in technology history.”
OpenAI disputed the reporting. “We are totally aligned on buying as much compute as we can and working hard on it together every day,” Friar and CEO Sam Altman told the WSJ in a joint statement. The company added that “the business is firing on all cylinders, and the mood internally is incredibly positive.”
In any case, OpenAI has continued to pursue more massive computing partnerships. As recently as February, the company expanded its $38 billion multi-year commitment to Amazon’s cloud computing unit by $100 billion after the Seattle-based tech giant agreed to invest $50 billion in it.
In an October research note, Morgan Stanley accounting analyst Todd Castagno warned that even legally non-cancellable AI infrastructure contracts can get renegotiated when major customers run into financial trouble, comparing the dynamic to how retailers reworked their supposedly binding commercial leases during the pandemic.
That could particularly hurt the GPU maker Nvidia.
In September, the company announced it intends to invest up to $100 billion into OpenAI to support the deployment of 10 gigawatts of Nvidia hardware, although CEO Jensen Huang told reporters in Taipei this past January that the figure was nonbinding.
Nvidia has also been actively investing in AI neocloud startups, including Lambda Labs, Nscale and CoreWeave, also effectively acting as an underwriter and supplier for many of these companies.
If OpenAI must renegotiate its contracts, which would in turn impact the broader market’s pricing, it could not only hurt Nvidia’s business, but also have ripples across the venture ecosystem for these AI neocloud startups.
“We need to keep selling services to consumers and businesses—and building these great new products that people pay us a lot of money for,” Altman told CNBC when Nvidia’s investment was initially announced. “As long as that keeps happening, that pays for a lot of these data centers, a lot of chips.”
  This article originally appeared on PitchBook News
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio