Title: EU rules reining in Big Tech will now target cloud services and AI, regulators say
Date: 2026-04-28 17:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/eu-rules-reining-big-tech-170352183.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
By Foo Yun Chee
BRUSSELS, April 28 (Reuters) - The European Union plans to turn the focus of its landmark rules curbing the power of Big Tech to cloud and artificial ‌intelligence services, aiming to promote fairer competition after seeing positive results in other digital areas, ‌EU regulators said.
How will DMA rules expand to AI services?
Which tech giants are currently designated as gatekeepers?
What improvements has the DMA achieved so far?
What is the EU's Digital Markets Act targeting?
The EU Commission's Digital Markets Act currently targets Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Booking.com, ByteDance, Meta Platforms and Microsoft, imposing obligations ​on so-called "gatekeepers" to prevent them from abusing their market dominance.
The Commission said the DMA, which became applicable in May 2023, has improved conditions for businesses and users.
The comments were in a report published on Tuesday, with regulators saying the DMA has allowed users to transfer their data more easily when switching to rival ‌services and devices, while allowing device ⁠makers greater interoperability with Big Tech operating systems.
"The DMA was designed to be future-proof and adapt to emerging challenges, for example in AI and cloud," European Union ⁠antitrust chief Teresa Ribera said in a statement.
AIMING TO MAKE AI, CLOUD SERVICES FAIRER
The Commission, which acts as the EU competition enforcer, said the aim now was to make cloud services and AI "fairer and more contestable". ​It will ​examine whether certain AI services should be designated as ​virtual assistant core platform services.
Regulators are now ‌investigating whether Amazon and Microsoft should be labelled gatekeepers for their cloud computing services under the DMA and also whether the legislation can effectively tackle anticompetitive practices in this sector.
Apple criticised the report, saying it failed to take into account the DMA's impact on user privacy, security and innovation.
It said the risks to EU users include more exposure to harmful content via alternative distribution, disruption to the seamless ‌experience, sharing of their highly sensitive information with untrusted third ​parties, and delays in receiving the latest features and technologies ​available everywhere else.
The Commission said it would ​not push Big Tech to make their social networks work with each other despite ‌calls by some companies but will continue ​to monitor the services.
"There is ​no clear demand for interoperability between designated social networks," the EU competition enforcer said.
It said it had no plans to change the criteria used to designate companies as DMA gatekeepers nor ​the list of dos and ‌don'ts for the companies, saying the existing framework was still fit for purpose.
Pan-European consumer lobbying ​organisation BEUC urged the Commission to beef up its enforcement especially in new digital ​areas.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise)
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio