Title: F1 season is heating up_ Here's everything you need to know
Date: 2026-04-28 20:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/f1-season-is-heating-up-heres-everything-you-need-to-know-201803870.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Yahoo Finance Senior Autos Reporter Pras Subramanian joins Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma to discuss F1's season heating up this week, Mercedes' (MBG.DE) involvement, and more.
For more predictions market insight, check out the new Yahoo Finance Polymarket Hub.
Pras, you interviewed Toto Wolf, he is Mercedes F1 team principal. What did you hear from him?
I mean, he's uh he's one of the the the more prominent figures in in the paddock there in F1. One of the, you know if you watch the show, uh Drive to Survive, he's he's prominent in there too. He's he's just a well-spoken guy, but also has a little bit of personality. So spoken to him today in New York City. They're in town uh as as you know the Grand Prix of Miami is coming up here this week, but talked about just about how the season's going so far. You know, they won the first three races of the season, did quite well there.
Right.
Uh said there's some challenges there with the new regulations. They changed how the hybrid system works. And, you know, for Mercedes it's been quite quite good for them. They've won the last the first three races. So, but there's been some complaints about how there might be some drivers having to drive with less power. So, they might have to tweak the rules even more to make it so it's more racing, more full on stuff. So he's very excited about that. Uh Kimi Antonelli, that that young driver, uh won two out of those three races. It's very interesting. He's 18 years old.
Wow, 18?
And yeah, and he's he's leading the championship right now. So the question is, you know, can he keep that up? He says, yeah, sure, why not? But you know, development will be slow and they want to keep him kind of um under control and they don't want to push him too far. So but he but he's confident in his abilities. Uh last I want to talk about he talked about the growth of the sport in the US is strong obviously.
Tremendous.
Uh young women actually one of the biggest growing demos there for the sport.
Oh cool. Yes.
You know, and they have Apple coming on board too. And and lastly, I know this is important to you, but he's actually big into mental health and also talking about he's not just not trying to stigmatize people going out to get to get that the help they need. He said in the past he had weaker moments when he was younger and he thought that, you know, they were a weakness, but he's he says now that upon introspection they're actually a strength. They're his superpower. Being able to stay grounded and see, kind of learn from your mistakes. And he says that's really important for leaders and people in general, you know.
Yeah, and even to be talking about that in the racing industry, it's like that's awesome to hear.
Yeah.
I do want to get to just this momentum that Mercedes is having because according to Polymarket, we are seeing some pretty big odds here. They think that George Russell or who we were speaking about, Kimi Antonelli, will be winning this race. Of course, both of them Mercedes drivers here. I mean, I we were following in my household Max Verstappen for years. Seems like he's fallen behind. So one, do you think that one of these two will win? Two, what's going on with Red Bull these days?
So it's it that looks like it would be the case with the betting, right? Uh Mercedes is obviously very strong this year, but like Toto also said, the you never know what these every track is different. You never know who can actually do do well there from an aerodynamic point of view, power point of view. Uh with regards to Max Verstappen, it's just the car is not as good. It might take some time to develop. It's a new formula this year. They call it formula when you change the rules of the engine, the way the car looks. The teams are learning. Mercedes might be ahead right now, but by the end of the season Max might be challenging uh for those wins. And he's still known as, I would say he's still considered the best driver right now. You know, you got Lewis Hamilton, legends out there.
Right.
Verstappen is considered the best right now and I think that uh you can't you can't you can't count them out.
I mean, now if I have it right, there was also two races that were missed this year. What sort of impact? Did Toto say anything about that?
He didn't mention that. I mean, I think it's more of these it's it's an unfortunate kind of situation going on in the Middle East right now. So those races probably won't be returning, but maybe next year they will. So they just sort of took this month off to sort of uh develop the car more, take some time off, recharge a bit because it's a long season.
Yeah.
Over 20 races, yeah.
Yeah. My fiance will be there this weekend. I know he's cheering on. I'm excited. It's the first time there, so I know you've been a tons of times.
In Miami one time, but I I'm jealous, very jealous.
Okay.
Okay.
All right, all right. I'll let you know how it goes. Pras Subramanian, thanks so much. Appreciate it. And for more Polymarket odds, scan the QR code on your screen to go to Yahoo Finance's prediction markets hub powered by Polymarket.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio