Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Meta and Apple
Date: 2026-04-28 14:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-alphabet-143300341.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Chicago, IL – April 28, 2026 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Alphabet GOOGL, Microsoft MSFT, Amazon AMZN, Meta META and Apple AAPL.
Here are highlights from Monday’s Analyst Blog:
What happens across this packed Global Week Ahead?
This week combines the big three obsessions for investors, right now –
·        The "AI" boom gets key EPS reports
·        The future paths of policy rates emerge, and
·        The war in Iran continues
Four of the world's top central banks meet, wondering how long they can realistically look through the spike in global energy prices due to the blocked Strait of Hormuz, while five of the so-called "Magnificent Seven" U.S. tech giants report their earnings.
(1) Five of the "Mag 7" tech mega-caps report earnings, and supply outlooks.
Reports from five of the so-called "Magnificent Seven" mega-cap tech companies headline a deluge of first-quarter earnings this week.
It comes at a time where almost unshakable investor optimism about AI-driven profits is providing critical support for near-record high equity indexes.
On Wednesday alone, reports are due fromAlphabet, Microsoft, Amazon and Meta — four "hyperscalers" now spending billions on data centers and other high-tech infrastructure.
iPhone maker Apple, reports the day after, ‌hot on the heels of news that it has picked longtime hardware boss John Ternus to take over the CEO reins from Tim Cook, 15 years after he took over from Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs.
It is not just tech though. More than a third of the S&P 500 are reporting this week.
(2) Wednesday, the U.S. FOMC April meeting ends. Expect no policy rate change.
The world's most influential central bank, the Federal Reserve, is expected to keep U.S. interest rates steady on Wednesday, meaning it will mostly be about its signals for the months ahead given most economists think cuts are off the table for now.
An intriguing subplot is whether this will be Jerome Powell's last meeting in charge, or even if he attends in the future, given his broader stint as a Fed governor — which runs until 2028 — is also under attack.
The 73-year-old's term as Fed Chair is due to end next month, so this should be his swansong.
But a key U.S. senator is vowing to block Trump's pick for Powell's successor — former Fed governor Kevin Warsh — until a probe into Powell's renovations of the Fed's headquarters is dropped.
There will be some key data to digest, too.
First-quarter GDP and then March Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) price index — the Fed's preferred inflation gauge — are both due out on Thursday.
(3) Thursday, the European Central Bank (ECB) & Bank of England (BoE) meet.
Both the European Central Bank and Bank of England are tipped to leave their respective 2% and 3.75% key interest rates steady on Thursday, having both deliberately dampened bets of pre-emptive hikes over the last fortnight.
The shaky Iran war ceasefire has earned a bit of breathing space of sorts, but with oil already back above $100 again, money markets still anticipate both will have hiked twice before the year is out.
Optionality will be the watchword. ECB chief Christine Lagarde will be pressed on just how likely a pre-summer increase is. She certainly will not want a repeat of the hike-too-early error another French ECB chief, Jean-Claude Trichet, oversaw just before the eruption of the Eurozone crisis.
For the BoE in London, Governor Andrew Bailey has already warned markets they are getting ahead of themselves and given how nervy domestic politics is making gilt markets, he is walking a tightrope too.
(4) Tuesday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) meets.
The Bank of Japan completes the list of major central banks in action.
Its meeting on Tuesday will start the procession and, just like in the U.S. and Europe, what had appeared to be a window for a rate hike, now looks like another one to sit on its hands.
Sources have told Reuters Kazuo Ueda and co are likely to need more time to assess the fallout from the Middle East war, but observers expect them to leave the door wide open for a hike in June.
Some are worried that they may be getting behind the curve. Even the head of the Asian Development Bank has warned that the yen could come under further pressure if markets think the BOJ is being too slow given the inflationary risks.
For now, the Japanese currency continues to languish near 160 to the dollar. That is a level investors have long viewed as a potential trigger point for FX market intervention.
They are still waiting, though.
(5) Can diplomatic progress be made — in the 9th week of the Iran war?
This week, like the eight weeks that ‌have gone before it, will be dominated by whether progress can be made in the Iran war and reopening the Strait of Hormuz, the maritime chokepoint that is now the key power-play in the conflict.
Iran has been flaunting its tightened grip over the shipping corridor and though there has been some relief that Washington and Tehran and Israel and Lebanon have extended respective ceasefires, the fact oil is well over $100 a barrel again shows just what the markets think.
Diplomacy, any sign of back-channel talks and U.S. President Donald Trump and Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei's social media posts will all continue to drive volatility, especially with Trump now saying he will not be rushed into a deal as he wants something that is "everlasting."
The prolonged conflict is also deepening the fissure between the U.S. and NATO.
Trump has repeatedly criticized the alliance's members for failing to support his attacks on Iran and Washington is now weighing punishing "difficult" countries, such as Spain, according to officials.
Why Haven't You Looked at Zacks' Top Stocks?
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com                        
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio