Title: Big Tech_ What this strategist is looking for on earnings calls
Date: 2026-04-28 20:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-tech-what-this-strategist-is-looking-for-on-earnings-calls-204304094.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
US stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) closed out Tuesday trading in negative territory, with the Nasdaq Composite leading daily losses as it dropped 0.9%.
The pressure may be on for Big Tech as investors await the release of earnings results from Magnificent Seven companies Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Meta Platforms (META), and Microsoft (MSFT) throughout this week.
Laffer Tengler Investments CEO and CIO Nancy Tengler joins Brooke DiPalma to talk about the trends she is seeing in the tech and AI landscapes as earnings season picks up.
Big tech earnings this week to test the market as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite recently touched all-time highs.
Laffer Tangler Investments CEO and CIO Nancy Tangler joins me now for the earnings report brought to you by EY. Nancy, first I want to talk about just this pullback that we are seeing in big tech. It it seems like you already had called a bottom prior to this. So what do you make of this pullback?
Yes. Well, it's not too dramatic, Brooke. I mean we we spent 42 days going straight down uh and then we took 11 days to recover those levels. Uh I think it's expected with, you know, the headlines. I mean that's the world we live in now. The algorithms read the headlines, the hedge funds jump in once the algorithms start buying or selling and it exacerbates volatility. Uh we used the period uh in early April as an opportunity to buy names like Micron at 366 or I saw, you know, he was just talking about Nvidia. We bought it at 173, added to it, we already owned it. Uh and and the stock's trading at 213. That's a big move in in three weeks. So uh there there you could cite a number of the technology names where that was the case. They got oversold and now, you know, they've had a big bounce back.
Yeah, Nancy, actually it was interesting because ahead of this, City actually put in their report. They said that Nvidia and Micron both reporting, they're ultimately driving the most earnings a growth here. They're going to account for nearly half of the total index growth. So I guess now with Micron already having reported, uh Nvidia is set to report late May, so maybe one of the last ones, how should an investor be positioning themselves over these coming days?
Well, you've got the the big the big five reporting tomorrow. So uh and then Apple on Thursday. So I would watch that. I mean, I don't know that I would jump in front of it. I don't trade a lot during earning season, uh unless we have to, but uh, I think you want to watch and see what kind of guidance they give because earnings are backward-looking and and guidance obviously is forward-looking. And so we want to hear from companies what they're saying, what are the backlogs uh for the the picks and shovels guys. Uh are they increasing? And then what about margins? Because margins are at historic highs. So we we want to see those continue to expand or at least maintain current levels. So those are what what we'll be watching.
Those companies reporting includes Amazon, we have Microsoft, we have Meta, we have Google. I'm like, how do you keep up with all these reports after the bell tomorrow? When you think about what you were just saying, looking out for margins, looking out for how much they're spending.
I mean, what do you want to hear? Because we already know that they're spending billions of dollars to build out these data centers, to invest in AI. So what makes you tell, what tells you now in these early innings that all their spending is working out for them?
So, I think what dinged Microsoft last quarter was they didn't grow Azure at 42%. They grew up 41 or whatever the numbers were.
Right, and that has to be, but that's just goes to show like how exact investors want you to be in this market right now.
Right. And the reason they cited was they were capacity constrained. So it had nothing to do with demand. So what we want to see is are are companies able to are they becoming able to keep up with demand? Because that will be become that equates to monetization of AI, and we want to hear that. But then you just have to step back. We listen to every single company call, the companies we own or ones we're watching. And you just take a company like GE Vernova, a huge beneficiary of the AI spend, but what they talked about on their call is, we're using AI to drive margins and we don't want that to be lost on investors. So it's not just the participation in the trade, but how are companies utilizing it to improve their margins or generate growth or develop new products.
So should you be looking outside of these big tech names right now? Like infrastructure, maybe even a consumer discretionary name. We did see a bit of a pull back as Jerry was noting today.
Yeah, so we are overweight industrials, which would include the infrastructure names. Uh, we recently added to some of those names, uh, well, in early April. Uh, and then we're overweight consumer discretionary and a and a an overweight to tech and then a a little overweight to financials.
What did you make of Coca-Cola this morning?
It was awesome. Yeah. And I'm I'm eager to hear what Starbucks says any minute, so...
Right. Right.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio