Title: Palmer Luckey Says Apple's New CEO John Ternus May Have Built Early VR Gear He Used As A Teen_ 'His 
Date: 2026-04-28 17:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/palmer-luckey-says-apples-ceo-173107857.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
On Sunday, Palmer Luckey drew attention to John Ternus' little-known early career in virtual reality following Apple Inc.'s CEO transition announcement.
Luckey, founder of Oculus and defense tech firm Anduril, took to X and said, "His [Ternus] only non-Apple job was four years in the late '90s at Virtual Research, a tiny Virtual Reality HMD outfit."
"From what I can tell, he was the lead mechanical engineer on the V8 I obtained when I was 16," Luckey wrote.
John Ternus, the new CEO of Apple, has been with the company for 25 years. His only non-Apple job was four years in the late 90s at Virtual Research, a tiny Virtual Reality HMD outfit.From what I can tell, he was the lead mechanical engineer on the V8 I obtained when I was 16! pic.twitter.com/qfc8Uxg9ux
— Palmer Luckey (@PalmerLuckey) April 26, 2026
Don't Miss:
A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why
Still Learning the Market? These 50 Must-Know Terms Can Help You Catch Up Fast
The comment suggests that long before virtual reality became mainstream again, Ternus may have been involved in building early-generation VR hardware that influenced enthusiasts like Luckey.
Apple last week announced that Ternus, its senior vice president of hardware engineering, will succeed Tim Cook as CEO, effective Sept. 1, 2026.
Cook, who has led the company for about 15 years, will transition to executive chairman of Apple's board but remain actively involved in the company.
Ternus has spent roughly 25 years at Apple, joining its product design team in 2001.
See Also: Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time
He rose through the ranks and became vice president of hardware engineering in 2013, eventually overseeing development of flagship products like the iPhone, iPad and Mac.
Before Apple, Ternus worked as a mechanical engineer at Virtual Research Systems from 1997 to 2001 after earning a mechanical engineering degree from the University of Pennsylvania.
Known internally as a "hardware guy," Ternus has built a reputation for execution and product excellence rather than public visibility.
Photo courtesy: jamesteohart via Shutterstock
Read Next: 
Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier.
Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy.
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga:
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio