Title: Susquehanna Raises Price Target on Halliburton (HAL)
Ticker: HAL
Published: 2026-04-14T06:29:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/susquehanna-raises-price-target-halliburton-052908294.html?.tsrc=rss

Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) is one of the 10 best oil and gas equipment & services stocks to buy according to hedge funds.
On April 7, Charles Minervino from Susquehanna increased the price target on Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) from $40 to $45 while maintaining a Positive rating on the stock. This upward revision is backed by the comprehensive first-quarter results, which led the analyst to adjust targets for the oilfield services segment. According to Minervino, the ongoing conflict between the U.S. and Iran has acted as a positive catalyst for the increased prices of general commodities alongside oil and natural gas equities.
QiuJu Song/Shuterrstock.com
Simultaneously, Minervino has reduced estimates for entities exposed to the Middle East, citing increased operational expenses, ongoing disruptions, and potential project delays. However, tightening supply conditions ultimately creates a substantially more positive outlook for the industry across the medium and extended timelines.
On April 6, Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL), along with PETRONAS Suriname Exploration & Production BV and Valaris Limited, signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement to support the growth of the assets of PETRONAS Suriname. The strategic collaboration allows Halliburton, PETRONAS Suriname, and Valaris to collaborate during all phases of asset development.
The strategic collaboration is an expression of unity in creating strong project preparation, better execution, and value. According to Shannon Slocum, Chief Operating Officer at Halliburton Company, the agreement demonstrates the belief of PETRONAS Suriname in the benefits of early collaboration, which allows executing projects with readiness from the start.
Slocum stressed that the integration of subsurface knowledge and well engineering will improve alignment and ensure efficient project execution by working closely with PETRONAS Suriname and Valaris.
Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) operates within the energy sector, offering various production enhancement solutions as well as electrical submersible pumps, artificial lift services, and more. Its portfolio also includes various drilling services, AI solutions, subsea services, and more.
While we acknowledge the potential of HAL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.