Title: Morgan Stanley, BofA Add to Wall Street’s Earnings Bonanza
Ticker: JPM
Published: 2026-04-16T05:02:00
URL: https://www.thedailyupside.com/advisor/industry-news/morgan-stanley-bofa-add-to-wall-streets-earnings-bonanza/?.tsrc=rss

Higher income from trading and assets under management helped the big firms’ profits soar during the first quarter.
Emile Hallez
emile@thedailyupside.com
Wall Street is practically drowning in money.
It’s a major week for earnings reports and the numbers have been consistently positive with big banks and wealth managers announcing better-than-expected figures for revenue and client assets. Following strong reports on Tuesday from JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and particularly Citigroup, Bank of America and Morgan Stanley added to the sector’s earnings party yesterday with their own glowing results. Bank of America’s net income rose 17%, for example, to $8.6 billion during the first quarter. At Morgan Stanley, net income climbed 30% to $5.6 billion. It’s a boon for wealth managers and could be a sign of what’s to come as the industry heads into the second half of the year.
There’s a reason why banks have the tallest corporate office buildings in pretty much any big city.
Bank of America’s net income from global wealth and investment management came in at $1.3 billion for the quarter, with revenue up 12% from a year earlier due to higher management fees and assets under management. At Morgan Stanley, income and revenues were both up, thanks in part to higher trading activity during the quarter and net new assets of $118 billion, along with $54 billion in fee-based asset flows.
The figures from other banks this week were also reasons for optimism in the sector:
Certainly Uncertain. Still, company leaders on recent calls pointed to uncertainty stemming from the Iran war and the rise of AI, even as the latter also presents opportunities. Bank of America, for example, has fewer employees today than it did in 2007, before it bought Merrill and Countrywide, thanks to its uses of technology, CEO Brian Moynihan said during the firm’s call with analysts. While attrition is behind a drop of roughly 1,000 full time positions, the company has 90 installations giving all 200,000 employees access to AI, he said. “We’re still in the early stages of what all this will do, but we’re seeing real benefits out of it today.”
Industry consultants view the deal as a win-win for both firms and advisors.
Limiting a couple’s benefit to $100,000 would plug up to a fifth of the solvency gap without affecting many current retirees.
The company filed Monday for the iShares Nasdaq 100 ETF, a result of the exchange broadening its US licensing for the index.
The crypto space is relatively small compared with other asset classes, but the hype train is barreling down the tracks.
Industry groups and asset managers are in favor, but advisors are weary, saying the expanded access can quickly spell trouble for clients.
One of the largest RIAs already serves thousands of US ex-pats, according to CEO Peter Mallouk.
The rule was struck down in federal court, but the questions it raised around serving clients appropriately are alive and well.
The majority will provide liquidity to early shareholders instead of going directly to GeoWealth’s balance sheet.
The hiring push comes amid rapid expansion of the independent RIA channel and an approaching advisor shortage driven by retirements.
Moving those responsibilities into the SEC would raise practical questions about resources and capacity, experts say.
They’re just the latest firms to join the referral space, an area of wealth management that is ramping up.
© 2026 The Daily Upside