Title: BP Shares Up 20% Since Iran War, Leading All Supermajors
Date: 2026-04-27 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/bp-shares-20-since-iran-133000793.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The Iran war and the loss of oil and gas supply from the Middle East have upended the stock performance of the biggest international majors. BP, the laggard of the past six years, has moved ahead of all others, while the top performer since 2020, ExxonMobil, has seen the worst stock showing among Big Oil since the war began.
How are Middle East disruptions affecting Exxon's operations?
Why is BP outperforming other oil supermajors recently?
How has Iran war impacted Big Oil stock performance?
What strategy changes did BP make under shareholder pressure?
To be sure, none of the five supermajors – ExxonMobil, Chevron, BP, Shell, and TotalEnergies – have been close to replicating the 45% surge in crude oil futures since February 28, according to stock market data compiled by Bloomberg.
But BP has outperformed all its rivals with about 20% increase in its shares since the end of February.
BP, more than other supermajors, suffered from the green strategy from 2020, with shareholders unhappy and demanding changes, and a share price severely underperforming those of its peers and the surge in oil prices in 2022-2023.
Revolt among shareholders has been brewing for years over rising debt and an underperforming share price, with activist hedge fund Elliott Investment Management especially vocal in its demand for a turnaround at the supermajor.
Last year, under intense shareholder pressure, BP announced a major strategy reset to slash investments in renewable energy and focus on its core business of boosting its oil and gas production.
Due to the extreme market volatility since the Iran war began, BP expects to have booked an "exceptional" oil trading result for the first quarter of 2026 when it reports Q1 results on Tuesday.
While BP's stock has outperformed its peers, Exxon's shares have lost about 2% since the war began, because part of its oil and gas production in the Middle East and all LNG volumes in which it has stakes in Qatar are trapped at the Strait of Hormuz and are unable to leave the region.
By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
China's Cleantech Machine Hits Top Gear as Oil Markets Crumble
Hormuz Disruptions Drive Crude Higher as U.S.-Iran Diplomacy Stalls
LNG Carrier Deliveries Set to Hit 100 This Year, Up 27% From 2025
Oilprice Intelligence brings you the signals before they become front-page news. This is the same expert analysis read by veteran traders and political advisors. Get it free, twice a week, and you'll always know why the market is moving before everyone else.
You get the geopolitical intelligence, the hidden inventory data, and the market whispers that move billions - and we'll send you $389 in premium energy intelligence, on us, just for subscribing. Join 400,000+ readers today. Get access immediately by clicking here.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio