Title: Earnings live updates_ Booking Holdings cuts revenue forecast amid war's impact, Starbucks' quarter 
Date: 2026-04-27 11:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/live/earnings-live-updates-booking-holdings-cuts-revenue-forecast-amid-wars-impact-starbucks-quarter-impresses-111414648.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
Earnings season is in full swing as the busiest week of the quarter kicks off.
This week, five more “Magnificent Seven” Big Tech companies will report results after Tesla (TSLA) kicked things off for the group with an earnings beat. Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), and Meta Platforms (META) will report after the bell on Wednesday, and Apple (AAPL) reports on Thursday.
Beyond tech, investors will hear from other companies such as Spotify (SPOT), Coca-Cola (KO), Robinhood (HOOD), Chevron (CVX), and Exxon Mobil (XOM).
Despite ongoing risks from the Iran war, artificial intelligence, and delayed Fed rate cuts, Wall Street analysts have remained optimistic about earnings growth, the stock market’s primary driver over the long term.
In the first quarter, analysts expect the S&P 500 (^GSPC) to report its sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth, according to FactSet’s John Butters.
Booking Holdings (BKNG) stock slid in extended trading after the travel company said the war in Iran was weighing on bookings and slashed its forward guidance.
“We estimate room night growth was negatively impacted by approximately 2 percentage points by the conflict in the Middle East,” the company said in its earnings release. On gross bookings, it added, “We estimate that the conflict in the Middle East impacted gross bookings growth in line with the impact observed in room night growth.”
For 2026, Booking Holdings cuts its revenue guidance to high single digits from a previous outlook for low double-digit growth.
“For the full year 2026, our planning assumption is that the direct and indirect impact from the conflict in the Middle East continues through the end of June, followed by a recovery in bookings in the second half of the year,” the company said.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Yahoo Finance’s David Hollerith reports:
Robinhood (HOOD) stock slid as much as 6% in after-hours trading on Tuesday as the company said its Q1 profit and revenue fell short of Wall Street estimates.
The financial app said that profits rose 3% from the prior year to $346 million, or $0.38 per share, while net revenue rose 15% from the first quarter of last year to $1.07 billion.
Analysts were expecting $382 million, or $0.42 per share, and net revenue of $1.14 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
A big source of revenue for the Robinhood, fees from crypto trades, fell 47% from the first quarter of last year, driven by a slump across the digital asset world that kicked off late last year and worsened through early February. The figure was slightly lighter than analysts expected.
Read more here.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Reuters reports:
T-Mobile (TMUS) raised its forecast for annual postpaid net account additions on Tuesday, as competitive pricing and bundled streaming benefits help the U.S. wireless carrier attract customers in a saturated market.
The ‌company expects to add between 950,000 and 1.05 million postpaid accounts in 2026, up from 900,000 ‌to 1 million previously. Accounts count billing relationships, not individual subscribers, meaning one family or business account can cover multiple lines or devices.
"Over 90% ​of our postpaid accounts actually have more than one line in that relationship," CFO Peter Osvaldik told Reuters in an interview.
T-Mobile said in February it would stop reporting postpaid phone subscriber additions from the first quarter, as it shifts focus to account growth and average revenue per account.
For the first quarter, postpaid net account additions came in at 217,000, compared to ‌Visible Alpha estimates of 193,236 additions.
The results ⁠come against the backdrop of a report by Reuters that Deutsche Telekom, which has a 53% stake in T-Mobile, is exploring a deal to combine with the U.S. telecom operator.
Read more here.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
A big quarter for Starbucks’ turnaround story is lifting the stock more than 5% after hours. In its fiscal Q2, Starbucks reported across-the-board revenue and earnings beats and raised its full-year profit outlook.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Yahoo Finance’s Brooke DiPalma reports:
In the second quarter, Starbucks posted global same-store sales growth of 6.2%, beating Wall Street's forecasts of 3.7% growth, according to Bloomberg consensus data. Last year, the company saw a 1% decline in overall same-store sales growth in the second quarter.
Starbucks reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.50, beating estimates of $0.43 and rising from $0.41 per share reported in the same period last year. Revenue grew to $9.5 billion, beating estimates of $9.14 billion.
Looking ahead, Starbucks raised its full-year profit and same-store sales growth outlooks. For 2026, Starbucks sees global and US comparable store sales growth of more than 5%, up from its previous guidance of 3% or greater.
Read more here.
Coca-Cola (KO) beat Wall Street’s expectations as consumers across the globe bought more across its portfolio.
Global unit case volume was up 3%, more than the roughly 1% Wall Street expected, per Bloomberg consensus data. In North America, volume grew 4%.
CFO John Murphy told Yahoo Finance the strength was due to a mix of “strong marketing,” the lapping of a softer first quarter last year, and momentum across all categories, including Coca-Cola Zero Sugar and more premium options like FairLife, which he called “a home run” for the business.
The launch of single-serve mini-cans in convenience retail stores helped drive growth.
“Value is more top of mind than it was, say, a couple of years ago … being able to innovate with different pack sizes, different price points, depending on the channel, depending on the geography, we know that playbook works, and it's a matter of being able to execute it at scale over time,” he said.
Murphy said the Mexican sugary beverage tax increase did impact the quarter, leading to a decline in volume there.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Plus, the company raised its fiscal year outlook.
It now expects adjusted earnings to grow 8% to 9% in 2026, up from a previous expectation of 7% to 8% growth, which Murphy said was a “reflection of a change in the effective tax rate,” which is now just over 19%, compared to the previous expectation of 20.9%.
When asked if transportation costs for the year are up because of the war in Iran, Murphy said, “not so much” in the first quarter, but the company is “looking closely at how things play out for the rest of the year and adjusting appropriately.”
BBC News reports:
BP's profits for the first three months of the year have more than doubled following a surge in oil prices since the beginning of the Iran war.
In its first results since the conflict broke out, the energy giant reported profits of $3.2bn (£2.4bn) between January and March after an "exceptional" performance in its oil trading business.
The figure was higher than analysts had expected and far ahead of income in the same period last year which reached $1.38bn.
The oil price has seen sharp swings since the start of the US-Israel war with Iran as the key Strait of Hormuz - which usually carries about 20% of the global supplies of oil and liquid natural gas - has been effectively closed.
Read more here.
Spotify (SPOT) stock tanked 11% after its second quarter operating income guidance missed the mark.
For Q2, Spotify guided for an operating income of 630 million euros ($736 million), below estimates of 675 million euros ($789 million). In the first quarter, operating income was 715 million euros, with higher costs driven by marketing and cloud and AI spend.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
For the first quarter, Spotify beat estimates on the top and bottom lines. Revenue grew 8% year over year to 4.53 billion euros ($5.3 billion), slightly ahead of estimates of 4.52 billion euros. Earnings per share of 3.45 euros beat the estimate of 2.95 euros.
The company reported 761 million monthly active users, slightly ahead of its guidance for 759 million users, while the 293 million premium users were in line with guidance.
Yahoo Finance’s Pras Subramanian reports:
General Motors (GM) on Tuesday morning reported first quarter profits that topped estimates and raised its full-year forecast as the company’s tariff exposure decreased more than expected.
GM posted Q1 revenue of $43.62 billion, against an estimated $43.68 billion, down slightly from the $44 billion reported a year ago. The company reported Q1 adjusted earnings per share of $3.70 against $2.62 expected and $2.78 a year ago. Its adjusted EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) came in at $4.253 billion, up 22% compared to a year ago.
GM also raised its full-year 2026 EBIT adjusted guidance due to a favorable adjustment of approximately $500 million resulting from the Supreme Court decision nullifying some of President Trump’s tariffs. The tariff adjustment also improved its North America region margins.
Read more here.
Nucor (NUE) profits surged from a year ago in the first quarter, sending the stock 4% higher in after-hours trading.
Earnings per share of $3.23 handily beat estimates of $2.79 per share, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Revenue of $9.5 billion also beat estimates of $8.86 billion.
Nucor is the largest steel producer in the US. Higher steel prices due to tariffs helped lift Nucor’s results, especially in its steel mills segment, and offset growing energy costs from the war in the Middle East.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
In Q1, Nucor produced 3.39 million tons of steel sheet, a 14% increase from a year ago.
Nucor also expects improved earnings in the second quarter, “with improved earnings across all three operating segments,” the company said, due to higher prices and stable volumes.
Verizon Communications (VZ) stock jumped more than 3% in early trading on Monday.
The telecom giant reported first quarter results that beat expectations and raised its full-year guidance after a surprise gain in mobile subscribers.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
The company added 55,000 net new cellphone customers, marking its first positive phone subscriber growth in the first quarter since 2013. Analysts had projected a loss of 89,169 customers.
Verizon also raised its full-year adjusted earnings per share forecast to a range of $4.95 to $4.99, exceeding the consensus estimate of $4.90.
Read more here.
Domino's Pizza (DPZ) stock is moving lower in premarket trading after the company missed Wall Street's forecasts across the board in its first quarter report.
Revenue grew 3.5% year over year to $1.15 billion, below the $1.16 billion Wall Street expected, per Bloomberg consensus data. Adjusted earnings missed with $4.13, compared to the $4.26 forecast.
US same-stores grew 0.9%, far below the 2.6% growth the Street was looking for, whereas international same-store sales fell 0.4%, less than the 0.7% increase predicted.
CEO Russell Weiner called the first quarter "an intensifying macro and competitive environment," adding that he believes the brand continues to "outperform" competition and "take meaningful share in 2026."
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Yahoo Finance’s Myles Udland and Jake Conley write about the earnings to expect this week:
Taking the spotlight will be first quarter earnings results from five out of the seven "Magnificent Seven" Big Tech companies. Investors will get reports from Microsoft (MSFT), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), and Meta (META) on Wednesday, followed by Apple (AAPL) on Thursday.
With Tesla (TSLA) earnings already in the rear-view, only Nvidia (NVDA) will be left to report later in the calendar.
Also of interest will be earnings from major carriers Verizon (VZ) and T-Mobile (TMUS) on Monday and Tuesday, respectively, and payments processors Visa (V) and Mastercard (MA) on Monday and Thursday, respectively.
Rounding out a packed earnings slate will be energy supermajors Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX), along with other big energy names BP (BP), Phillips 66 (PSX), Valero (VLO), and Dominion Energy (D) earlier in the week — expected to provide a read on the impact of the war in Iran on the energy market.
Read more here.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio